aal ale
ab detersschreckt
abbild image
abbildung illustration
abbrechen abort
abbrechend aborting
abend evening
abende evenings
abendessen supper
abenteuer adventure
abenteuerlich adventurous
aber but
aberglaeubisch superstitious
aberglaube superstition
abfaelle clippings
abfahrt departure
abfall declension
abfassen indite
abfassend inditing
abfindungen gratuities
abflachen flatten
abflussrohr spout
abfrage inquiry
abfragen inquire
abfuehren discharge
abfuehrend laxativ
abgabe tribute
abgaben tributes
abgebildet mapped
abgebrochen aborted
abgedroschen hackneyed
abgefasst indited
abgefragt prompted
abgegossen decanted
abgegrast grazed
abgehalten detained
abgeirrt strayed
abgekuerzte abbreviated
abgelegen remote
abgelegt discarded
abgelehnt deprecated
abgeleitet deduced
abgelenkt deflected
abgeleugnet abnegated
abgeloest redeemed
abgeneigt averse
abgenommen waned
abgeprallt rebounded
abgerackert fagged
abgeraten dissuaded
abgereist departed
abgerieben towelled
abgesahnt skimmed
abgeschafft abolished
abgeschiedenheit seclusion
abgeschirmt shielded
abgeschnallt unstrapped
abgeschnitten cropped
abgeschoben deported
abgeschraegt canted
abgeschreckt deterred
abgeschwaecht extenuated
abgeschweift digressed
abgesetzt degradet
abgesondert isolated
abgestimmt attuned
abgestuerzt crashed
abgestuft graduated
abgestumpft deadened
abgewaehlte deselected
abgewandt averted
abgewartet bided
abgewehrt fended
abgewertet devalued
abgewickelt liquidated
abgewiesen repulsed
abgezielt tended
abgezogen deducted
abgiessen decant
abgiessend decanting
abgott idol
abgrasen graze
abgrasend grazing
abgreagieren abreact
abgruende abysses
abgrund abyss
abhacken chopp
abhaenge declivities
abhaengen depend
abhaengig dependent
abhaengige dependants
abhaengiger dependant
abhalten detain
abhaltend detainig
abhandlung treatise
abhandlungen treatises
abhang declivity
abirren stray
abirrend straying
abkommen agreement
abkuerzen abbreviate
abkuerzung abbreviation
abkuerzungen abbreviations
ablage deposit
ablagen depositions
ablagerung deposit
ablagerungen sediments
ablassen drain
ablaufverfolgung backtrace
ablegend depositing
ablehnen deprecate
ablehnend deprecating
ablehnung refusals
ablehnungshinweis disclaimer
ableiten derivate
ableitend deducing
ableitung deduction
ableitungen derivations
ablenken distract
ablenkend deflecting
ableugnen abnegate
abloesen unsolder
abloesend unsoldering
abnehmbar detachable
abnehmen wane
abnehmend waning
abneigung antipathy
abneigungen antipathies
abnutzung fading
abprallen recoil
abprallend rebounding
abrackern fag
abrackernd fagging
abraten dissuade
abratend dissuading
abreagierend abreacting
abreagiert abreacted
abreibend towelling
abreise departure
abreisen depart
abreisend departing
abrufen fetch
absahnen skim
absahnend skimming
absatz heel
abschaffen abolish
abschaffend abolishing
abscheu abhorrence
abscheulich abhorrent
abschieben deport
abschiebend deporting
abschied valediction
abschliessend final
abschnallen unstrap
abschnallend unstrapping
abschneiden clipping
abschneidend cutting
abschnitt chapter
abschrecken deter
abschreckend deterrent
abschreibend transcribing
abschrift transcript
abschriften transcriptions
abschwaechen extenuate
abschwaechend extenuating
abschweifen digress
abschweifend excursive
abseits offside
absender sender
absetzung degradation
absetzungen degradations
absicht intention
absichten intentions
absichtlich intentional
absolut absolute
absondern excude
absondernd isolating
absonderung isolation
abspeicherungen savings
abstaende distances
abstammung ancestory
abstammungen lineages
abstand displacement
abstandsstueck spacer
absteigend descending
abstieg descend
abstiege descents
abstimmbar tuneable
abstimmen tune
abstimmend coordinating
abstimmung ballot
abstinenzler teetotaler
abstossend forbidding
abstrahlend beaming
abstrakt abstractly
abstreifen wipe
abstuerze crashes
abstufen graduate
abstufend graduating
abstufung gradation
abstufungen gradations
abstumpfen deaden
abstumpfend deadening
abteil compartment
abteilung compartment
abteilungen compartments
abtrennen detach
abtretung cession
abtretungen cessions
abtrieb output
abtruennige renegades
abtruenniger renegade
abwaehlen deselect
abwaesser sewages
abwandeln variegate
abwarten bide
abwasser sewage
abwechselnd alternately
abwegig devious
abwehren fend
abwehrend fending
abweichen differ
abweichend dissonant
abweichung aberration
abweichungen deviations
abweisen repulse
abweisend denying
abwenden avert
abwendend averting
abwerten devalue
abwertend devaluing
abwertung devaluation
abwertungen devaluations
abwesend absent
abwesenheit absence
abwesenheiten absences
abwickeln liquidate
abwickelnd transacting
abwicklung liquidation
abzeichen badge
abziehen deduct
abziehend deducting
abzielen tend
abzielend tending
abzuege deductions
abzug discount
abzweigen offset
achse axis
achsen axes
acht eight
achtbar creditable
achte eighth
achtend esteeming
achtet esteems
achtsam observant
achtzehn eighteen
achtzehnte eighteenth
achtzig eighty
ackerbau tillage
adapter adapter
addition addition
adel nobility
adler eagle
adlige noblemen
adliger nobleman
adresse address
adressen addresses
adressierbarkeit addressability
adressierend addressing
adressiert addressed
aehnlich likewise
aehnlichkeit likeness
aehnlichkeiten resemblances
aelter older
aelteste oldest
aeltlich oldish
aenderbare changeable
aendern alter
aendernd altering
aendert changes
aenderung modification
aenderungen alterations
aengste anxieties
aengstlich anxious
aepfel apples
aequator equator
aerger chagrin
aergerlich angrily
aergerlicher angrier
aergerlichste angriest
aergern bother
aergernd fretting
aergert galls
aermel sleeve
aermer needier
aermste neediest
aerzte physicians
aerztlich medically
aeste boughs
aeussernd uttering
aeusserst utmost
aeussert utters
aeusserung utterance
aeusserungen utterances
affe ape
affen apes
affig apish
afrikanisch african
agent agent
agentur agency
agenturen agencies
ahnen forebode
ahnend foreboding
ahorn maple
akkord chord
akkorde chords
aktentasche briefcase
aktion action
aktionaer shareholder
aktionaere shareholders
aktionen actions
aktiv actively
aktive active
aktivieren activate
aktiviert activates
aktivierte activated
aktivierung activation
aktivitaet activity
aktivitaeten activities
aktualisiert updated
aktualisierung updating
aktualitaet actuality
aktuell actually
aktuelle actual
akustik acoustic
akzent accent
alarm alarm
albern fatuous
algorithmen algorithms
algorithmus algorithm
alkohol booze
alkoholisch spirituous
alkoholische alcoholic
alle all
allein alone
alleine alone
alles everything
allgegenwaertig ubiquitous
allgemein abstract
allgemeinheit universality
allgemeinheiten universalities
allmacht omnipotence
allmaehlich gradually
alltag workaday
allumfassend overall
allwissend omniscient
alphabet alphabet
alphabetisch alphabetically
alphanumerische alphanumeric
alptraeume nightmares
alptraum nightmare
als than
alt ancient
alter age
alternativ alternatively
alternativen alternatives
altersschwach decrepit
altklug precocious
altmodisch old-fashioned
amateur amateur
amateure amateurs
amber amber
ambindend tethering
ameise ant
ameisen ants
amerika america
amerikanische american
amethyst amethyst
amortisation amortization
amortisierte amortized
amplitude amplitude
amputieren amputate
amputierend amputating
amputiert amputates
amputierte amputated
amsel blackbird
amseln blackbirds
amtieren officiate
amtierend officiating
amtiert officiates
amtierte officiated
amtlich official
amuesieren amuse
amuesierend amusing
amuesiert amuses
amuesierte amused
an adoresbetet
analog analogue
analysator analyzer
analysieren analyze
analysierte analyzed
ananas pineapple
anbeten adore
anbetungswuerdig adorable
anbieten offer
anbietend offering
anblitzen glare
anblitzend glaring
anbrechen broach
anbringen attach
andaechtig devout
andauert persists
andenken memento
andere other
andernfalls otherwise
anderswo elsewhere
andeuten insinuate
andeutend insinuating
andeutung inkling
andeutungen inklings
andrang boom
anecken scandalize
aneckend scandalizing
aneignen usurp
aneignung annexation
aneignungen annexations
anerkennend acknowledging
anerkennungen recognitions
anfaellig prone
anfaenge commencements
anfaenger beginner
anfaenglich initially
anfahren snub
anfahrend snubbing
anfang init
anfeuchtend wetting
anflehen implore
anflehend imploring
anfordern demand
anforderung requirement
anforderungen requirements
anfrage enquiry
anfuegen annex
anfuegend annexing
anfuehren lead
anfuehrungen quotations
anfuehrungsstrich parenthesis
anfuehrungsstriche parentheses
anfuellen fulfill
angeberisch swankily
angebetet adored
angeblich alleged
angeblitzt glared
angeboren congenital
angeborene innate
angebot offer
angebote offerings
angeboten offered
angebunden tethered
angedeutet insinuated
angeeckt scandalized
angefahren snubbed
angefangen commenced
angefeuchtet wetted
angefordert requisited
angefuegt annexed
angegrenzt adjoined
angegriffen affronted
angehaengt adhered
angehaengte appended
angehaeuft accumulated
angehalten stopped
angeheftet clinched
angeheitert tipsily
angehoben lifted
angeklagt impeached
angeklammert clinged
angekleidet habited
angekocht parboiled
angekommen arrived
angekuendigt advertised
angelegenheit affair
angelehnt ajar
angemasst arroganted
angemessen adequate
angemessenheit adequacy
angenehm agreeable
angenommen accepted
angeordnet disposed
angepackt tackled
angepasst accomodated
angepasste adapted
angeprangert pilloried
angeregt animated
angereichert enriched
angerempelt jostled
angeschafft purchased
angeschaltet powered
angeschlagen struck
angeschnallt strapped
angesehen faced
angesiedelt located
angespielt alluded
angespornt incited
angesprochen accosted
angesteckt infected
angestellter employee
angestelter employee
angestiftet instigated
angestiftete abetted
angestrengt strained
angewachsen increased
angewandt applied
angezeigt indicated
angezogen attracted
angezuendet kindled
angezweifelt doubted
angreifen affront
angreifend affronting
angreifer aggressor
angrenzen adjoin
angrenzend adjoining
angriff aggression
angriffe aggressions
angst anxiety
anhaenge appendices
anhaengen append
anhaengend appending
anhaenger pendant
anhaenglich devoted
anhaeufen pile
anhaeufend accumulating
anhaeufung accumulation
anhaftend adherent
anhaftung adherence
anhaltend resting
anhang appendage
anheben jack
anheften attach
anheftend attaching
anheimelnd quaint
anheuern charter
anker anchor
anklage accusation
anklagen accuse
anklagend impeaching
anklammernd clinging
anklebend pasting
ankleidend habiting
anknuepfen contacting
ankochen parboil
ankommen arrive
ankommend arriving
ankuendigen advertise
ankuendigend advertising
ankuendigung advertisement
ankuendigungen advertisements
ankunft arrival
anlage plant
anlegeplaetze wharves
anleitung navigating
anleitungen instructions
anmassen arrogante
anmassend arroganting
anmeldung announcement
anmerkend annotating
anmerkung memo
anmut comeliness
anmutig graceful
annaehern appropiate
annaehernd roughly
annahme acceptance
annahmen assumptions
annehmbar acceptable
annehmbare acceptable
annehmbarer receivablier
annehmen assume
annehmend assuming
annehmlichkeit amenity
annehmlichkeiten goodies
annulieren invalidate
annulliert annuls
anonym anonymous
anordnen dispose
anordnend disposing
anordnung adjustment
anordnungen dispositions
anormal anomalous
anpackend tackling
anpassen accommodate
anpassend adjusting
anpassung accomodation
anpassungen accomodations
anpassungsfaehig flexible
anprangernd pillorying
anregen animate
anregend animating
anregung animation
anregungen incitements
anreichern concentrate
anreichernd enriching
anrempeln jostle
anrempelnd jostling
anrichten sideboards
anruf call
anrufer caller
ansaetze rudiments
ansammeln accumulate
ansammlung package
ansatz rudiment
anschein semblance
anscheine semblances
anscheinend apparent
anschlagtafel billboard
anschlagtafeln billboards
anschliessen connect
anschluss alignment
anschnallend strapping
anschrift address
ansehen credit
ansehnlich respectable
anspielen allude
anspielend alluding
anspielung allusion
anspielungen allusions
anspornen incite
anspornend spuring
ansprechbar responsive
ansprechen accost
ansprechend accosting
anspruch claim
anspruchslos unassuming
anspruchsteller claimant
ansprueche claims
anstaendig decent
anstand decency
anstecken infect
ansteckend contagious
ansteckung contagion
ansteckungen contagions
ansteigen upswing
anstelle instead
anstiften abet
anstiftend abetting
anstifter abettor
anstoesse impulses
anstoessig obnoxious
anstoss impuls
anstossen nudge
anstrengen strain
anstrengend straining
anstrengung effort
anstrengungen efforts
anstuerme onrushes
ansturm onrush
anteil quota
antenne antenna
antennen antennas
antipoden antipodes
antreiben drive
antrieb impellent
antriebe incentives
antwort answer
antworten reply
antwortend answering
antwortet answers
antwortete replied
anullieren annul
anvertrauen commit
anvertrauend entrusting
anvertraut entrusted
anwachsend increasing
anwaelte lawyers
anwaerter aspirant
anwalt advocate
anweisung directive
anwendbar applicable
anwenden apply
anwendend applying
anwender operator
anwerfen actuate
anwesend aboard
anzahlung commission
anzeige display
anzeigen indicate
anzeigend indicating
anziehen attract
anziehend attracting
anzuenden kindle
anzug suit
apfel apple
apfelmus applesauce
apfelsaft cider
apostroph apostrophe
apotheke pharmacy
apotheken pharmacies
appetit appetite
appetitanregend appetizing
appetitanreger appetizer
applaudierend applauding
applaudiert applauds
applaudierte applauded
aprikosen apricots
april april
arbeit chore
arbeiten work
arbeitend tasking
arbeiter jobber
arbeitet operates
arbeitete worked
arbeitskraefte manpower
arbeitslos unemployed
arbeitslosigkeit inoccupation
arbeitsraum workspace
arbeitsunterbrechung layoff
arbeitsunterbrechungen layoffs
arbeitszimmer study
architektur architecture
archivierende archiving
archiviert archived
archivierte archival
arglist guile
arglistig guileful
arglos unsuspecting
argument argument
argumente arguments
arithmetisch arithmetic
arm indigent
armbaender bracelets
armband bracelet
arme arms
armselig squalid
armut poorness
arrangierend arranging
arrangiert arranges
arretieren lock
art fashion
arten kinds
artig bravely
artikel article
artischocken artichokes
arzt doctor
as ace
asche ash
aschenbecher ash-tray
aschenputtel cinderella
aschig ashy
aspekt aspect
ass ate
ast bough
astronomisch astronomical
atem breath
atemlos breathless
atlanten atlases
atlas atlas
atmen breathe
atmet breathes
atom atom
atomar atomic
atomisieren atomize
atomisierend atomizing
atomisiert atomized
attraktion attraction
attribut attribute
attribute attributes
auch also
auf adjournsschiebt
aufatmen respire
aufatmend respiring
aufbauen build
aufbereiten grab
aufbewahrt preserved
aufbinden untie
aufblaehen inflate
aufblaehend inflating
aufblasen bloat
aufblasend bloating
aufbrausen effervesce
aufbrausend effervescing
aufbrechen decamp
aufbrechend decamping
aufbringend sparing
aufbruch decampment
aufbuerdend imposing
aufdecken unhide
aufdeckend disclosing
aufdraengen obtrude
aufdraengend obtruding
aufdringlich gratingly
aufdruecken imprint
aufdrueckend imprinting
aufeinanderfolgend sequent
aufeinanderfolgende successive
aufenthalt sojourn
aufenthalte sojourns
auferlegen enjoin
auferlegend enjoining
auferlegt enjoined
auffallend conspicuous
auffangend intercepting
auffindbar detectable
aufforsten reforest
aufforstend reforesting
auffrischen freshen
auffrischend refreshing
auffuellen refill
auffuellend refilling
aufgabe abandonment
aufgaben jobs
aufgeatmet respired
aufgeben abandon
aufgebend abandoning
aufgeblasene bloated
aufgebot banns
aufgebraust effervesced
aufgebrochen decamped
aufgebuerdet imposed
aufgebunden untied
aufgedeckt uncovered
aufgedraengt obtruded
aufgedrueckt imprinted
aufgefangen intercepted
aufgeforstet reforested
aufgefuellt refilled
aufgegeben capitulated
aufgegriffen grabbed
aufgehakt unhooked
aufgehoben abrogated
aufgehoert ceased
aufgeklaert undeceived
aufgeklinkt unlatched
aufgeknoepft unbuttoned
aufgelauert waylaid
aufgelehnt revolted
aufgelistet listed
aufgeloest disintagrated
aufgemacht unclasped
aufgemoebelt reconditioned
aufgenommen absorbed
aufgepulvert doped
aufgeraeumt tidy
aufgeregt excited
aufgerollt unrolled
aufgeruestet rearmed
aufgerufen invoked
aufgeschnuert unlaced
aufgeschoben adjourned
aufgeschreckt scared
aufgesogen sponged
aufgestiegen ascended
aufgestossen belched
aufgeteilt partitioned
aufgewaermt rehashed
aufgewandt expended
aufgeweckt aroused
aufgeweicht softened
aufgewickelt coiled
aufgewischt swabbed
aufgezeichnet logged
aufgezogen nurtured
aufgliedern dissect
aufhaengen suspend
aufhaenger hanger
aufhaengung suspension
aufhaken unhook
aufhakend unhooking
aufheben abrogate
aufhebend abrogating
aufhebung rescission
aufhebungen rescissions
aufhellen brighten
aufhoeren cease
aufklaeren undeceive
aufklaerend undeceiving
aufkleber stickers
aufklinken unlatch
aufklinkend unlatching
aufknoepfen unbutton
aufknoepfend unbuttoning
aufkommend upcomming
auflauern waylay
auflauernd waylaying
auflisten list
auflister lister
aufloesen disintegrate
aufloesend disintegrating
aufloesung resolution
aufloesungen dissolutions
aufmachen unclasp
aufmachend unclasping
aufmerksam attentive
aufmerksamkeit attention
aufmoebeln recondition
aufmoebelnd reconditioning
aufnahme absorbtion
aufnahmefaehigkeit capacitance
aufnahmen receptions
aufnehmen absorb
aufnehmend absorbing
aufpolieren refurbish
aufpolierend refurbishing
aufpoliert refurbished
aufprallen thud
aufpulvern dope
aufpulvernd doping
aufrecht uprightly
aufrechterhalten uphold
aufrechterhaltend upholding
aufregen fluster
aufregend exciting
aufregung commotion
aufregungen commotions
aufrichtig candid
aufrichtigkeit candor
aufrichtigkeiten sincerities
aufrollen unroll
aufrollend unrolling
aufruehrerisch seditionous
aufruesten rearm
aufruestend rearming
aufruestung rearmament
aufruf calling
aufrufbar callable
aufrufe invocations
aufrufen invoice
aufruhr sedition
aufsaessig insubordinate
aufsaugend sponging
aufschieben adjourn
aufschiebend adjourning
aufschlaege lapels
aufschlag lapel
aufschnueren unlace
aufschnuerend unlacing
aufschrecken scare
aufschreckend scaring
aufschrei outcry
aufschreie outcries
aufschub adjurnment
aufschuebe adjurnments
aufschwuenge booms
aufsehenerregend startling
aufseher checker
aufsicht checkers
aufstaende insurrections
aufstand insurrection
aufsteigen ascend
aufsteigende ascending
aufstellen establish
aufstellungsort site
aufstieg ascent
aufstiege ascents
aufstossen belch
aufstossend belching
auftauchen emerge
auftauchend emerging
aufteilend partitioning
auftraege commissions
auftrag order
auftreten occur
auftrieb boost
aufwachen wakeup
aufwaermen rehash
aufwaermend rehashing
aufwaerts upward
aufwand effort
aufwecken arouse
aufweckend arousing
aufweichen soften
aufweiten flare
aufwenden expend
aufwendend expending
aufwendig expendable
aufwerten valorize
aufwickeln coil
aufwickelnd coiling
aufwischen swab
aufwischend swabbing
aufzaehlen enumerate
aufzaehlend enumerating
aufzeichnen log
aufzeichnend recording
aufzeichnung chronicle
aufzeichnungen records
aufziehen razz
aufziehend razzing
aufzuege elevators
aufzug elevator
augapfel eyeball
auge eye
augen eyes
augenaerzte oculists
augenarzt oculist
augenblick jiffy
augenblicke jiffies
augenblicklich momentarily
augenbraue eyebrow
augenbrauen eyebrows
augenlid eyelid
augenlider eyelids
august august
aus debarsschliesst
ausarbeiten elaborate
ausarbeitend elaborating
ausarbeitung elaboration
ausarbeitungen elaborations
ausbessern darn
ausbessernd darning
ausbesserung repair
ausbeuten exploit
ausbeutend exploiting
ausbildung schooling
ausblick outlook
ausblicke outlooks
ausbrechen erupt
ausbrechend eruptimg
ausbruch eruption
ausbrueche eruptions
ausbrueten incubate
ausbruetend incubating
ausdauer endurance
ausdauern persevere
ausdauernd perseverely
ausdehnen distend
ausdehnend distending
ausdehnung expanse
ausdehnungen expanses
ausdruck expression
ausdruckslos inexpressive
ausdrucksweise idiom
ausdrucksweisen parlances
ausdruecke expressions
ausdrueckend phrasing
ausdruecklich explicit
auseinandergezogen emerged
auseinanderziehen uncompress
ausfall blackout
ausfluege excursions
ausfluegler tripper
ausfluesse effluences
ausflug jaunt
ausfluss effluence
ausfragend quizzing
ausfuehrbar feasibly
ausfuehren accomplish
ausfuehrend achieving
ausfuehrlich explicitely
ausfuehrung achievement
ausfuehrungen achievements
ausfuellen fill
ausfuhr export
ausgabe issuance
ausgabefaehig issuable
ausgaben dumps
ausgabename outputname
ausgaenge egresses
ausgang egress
ausgearbeitet elaborated
ausgebbar displayable
ausgeben issue
ausgebend dumping
ausgebessert darnd
ausgebeutet exploited
ausgebreitet outspread
ausgebrochen erupted
ausgebruetet incubated
ausgedehnt distended
ausgedient veteran
ausgedrueckt expressed
ausgefragt quizzed
ausgefuehrt accomplished
ausgefuellt explained
ausgegeben displayed
ausgegebene outputted
ausgeglichen balanced
ausgegraben excavated
ausgehalten sustained
ausgehoehlt holed
ausgeklammert eliminated
ausgekundschaftet scouted
ausgekuppelt declutched
ausgelassen hilarious
ausgeliefert extradited
ausgeloescht obliterated
ausgeloest ransomed
ausgenommen except
ausgepackt unwrapped
ausgeplaudert divulged
ausgerichtet justified
ausgerottet eradicated
ausgeruestet mounted
ausgerufen exclaimed
ausgesagt predicated
ausgeschlossen debared
ausgesoehnt conciliated
ausgespuckt disgorged
ausgestattet endowed
ausgestellt exhibited
ausgestossen ejaculated
ausgestossene outcasts
ausgestrahlt emanated
ausgesucht picky
ausgetauscht interchanged
ausgetrocknet seared
ausgewaehlt selectively
ausgewaehlte selected
ausgewandert emigranted
ausgewechselt exchanged
ausgewertet evaluated
ausgewichen quibbled
ausgezaehlt enumerated
ausgezahlt disbursed
ausgezeichnet distinguished
ausgezeichnete signalized
ausgiebig extensive
ausgleich compensation
ausgraben excavate
ausgrabend excavating
aushalten sustain
aushaltend sustaining
aushoehlend holing
ausklammernd eliminating
auskleiden line
auskundschaftend scouting
auskunft information
auskuppeln declutch
auskuppelnd declutching
ausladend unloading
auslaeufer offshoot
auslass outlet
auslassen omit
auslassend wreaking
auslassungen interleaves
auslegend interpreting
auslegung interpretation
ausliefern extradite
ausliefernd extraditing
auslieferung delivery
ausloeschen obliterate
ausloeschend extinguishing
ausloesen ransom
ausloesend triggering
ausloeser trigger
ausnahme exception
ausnahmen exceptions
ausnahmslos invariably
ausnahmsweise exceptionally
auspacken unpack
auspackend unwrapping
ausplaudern divulge
ausplaudernd divulging
auspuff exhaust
auspufftopf silencer
ausreisser bolter
ausrichten align
ausrotten eradicate
ausrottend eradicating
ausruesten equip
ausruestend equipping
ausruestung equipment
ausruestungen kits
ausruf exclamation
ausrufe interjections
ausrufen evoke
ausrufend exclaiming
ausruhen relax
aussagend predicating
ausschalten deactivate
ausschliessen debar
ausschliessend debaring
ausschliesslich excessive
ausschluesse exclusions
ausschluss exclusion
ausschuss committee
aussehen lookout
aussen external
aussenbezirke outskirts
aussenseiter outsider
aussergewoehnlich exceptional
ausserhalb exterior
ausserordentlich exceedingly
aussetzen suspend
aussetzer dropout
aussetzung exposure
aussparung recess
aussperrung lockout
aussperrungen lockouts
aussprache pronunciation
aussprachen pronunciations
ausspucken disgorge
ausspuckend disgorging
ausstatten configurate
ausstattend endowing
ausstattung configuration
ausstattungen endowments
ausstellend exhibiting
ausstellung exhibition
ausstellungen exhibitions
ausstoss ejection
ausstossen ejaculate
ausstossend ejaculating
ausstrahlen emanate
ausstrahlend emanating
ausstrahlung radiation
ausstrahlungen radiations
austausch interchange
austauschbar commutable
austauschen transpose
austauschend interchanging
austeilen dispense
austeilend dispensing
auster oyster
austern oysters
austesten debug
austrag discharge
austrocknend searing
ausuebung exertion
auswaehlbar generic
auswaehlbare eligible
auswaehlen select
auswaerts outward
auswahl choice
auswahlen choices
auswanderer emigrant
auswanderung emigration
auswechselnd exchanging
auswechselungen exchanges
ausweichen evade
ausweichend eluding
auswerten evaluate
auswertend evaluating
auswertung evaluation
auswichend evading
auszahlen disburse
auszahlend disbursing
auszeichnen signalize
auszeichnend signalizing
auszubildende trainees
auszubildender trainee
auszuege epitomes
auszug epitome
auto car
autogramm autograph
autogramme autographs
automatik automatic
automatikwahl autodial
automation automation
automatisch automatically
automatisiert automated
autor author
autoren authors
autoritaet authority
baby baby
bach brook
bachstelze wagtail
bachstelzen wagtails
backe cheek
backen bake
backenbart whiskers
backend baking
backenzaaehne molars
backenzahn molar
backfett shortening
backslash backslash
backspace backspace
backt bakes
backups backups
bad bath
bademantel bathrobe
baden bathe
badend bathing
badet bathes
badewanne bathtub
badezimmer bathroom
baeche rivulets
baecker baker
baeckerei bakery
baeckereien bakeries
baender ribbons
baendigen subdue
baendigt subdues
baer bear
baerte beards
baeuche bellies
baeuchlein tummies
baeume trees
bahn tram
bahnen trams
bahnhof station
bahnsteig platform
bahre bier
bahren biers
bakterie bacterium
bakterien bacteriums
bald soon
baldrian valerian
balken beam
balkon balcony
balkone balconies
ball ball
ballast ballast
ballen bales
ballig spherical
ballon balloon
ballsaal ballroom
balsam balm
bambus bamboo
banal banal
banane banana
bananen bananas
band ribbon
bande gang
banden gangs
bandwuermer tapeworms
bandwurm tapeworm
bank bank
bankier banker
bankiers bankers
bankrott bankrupt
banner banner
barbarisch barbarian
barfuss bare-footed
bargeld hardcash
barhaeuptig bare-headed
barren ingot
barriere barrage
bart beard
basis base
basteln tinker
bastelnd tinkering
bastelt tinkers
bat begged
batch batch
batterie battery
bauch ventral
bauchig bellied
bauchredner ventriloquist
baudrate baudrate
bauer boor
bauern peasants
bauernhof farm
baufaellig tumbledown
baugeruest scaffolding
baugruppe assembly
baum tree
baumeln dangle
baumelnd dangling
baumelt dangles
baumelte dangled
baumwolle cotton
bausatz kit
bausch wad
bauteil component
bauweise construction
beabsichtigen intend
beabsichtigt intended
beabsichtigte indented
beachten respect
beachtend heeding
beachtenswert noteworthily
beachtenswerteste noteworthiest
beachtet heeded
beachtung heed
beamte officials
beanspruchen engross
beanspruchend engrossing
beansprucht engrossed
beanspruchte claimed
beanspruchung stress
beantwortbar responsible
beaufschlagen impinge
beaufsichtigen oversee
beaufsichtigend overseeing
beaufsichtigt oversees
beaufsichtigte overseen
beben quake
bebend quaking
bebrillt bespectacled
bebt quakes
bebte quaked
becher beaker
becken basin
bedachte preconceived
bedachung roofing
bedachungen roofings
bedarf demand
bedauere sorry
bedauerlich regrettable
bedauern deplore
bedauernd deploring
bedauert deplores
bedauerte deplored
bedeckte covered
bedenken preconceive
bedenkend preconceiving
bedenkenlos unscrupulously
bedenkt preconceives
bedeuten mean
bedeutend mattering
bedeutet matters
bedeutete mattered
bedeutung meaning
bedeutungen meanings
bedeutungslos insignificant
bedeutungsvoll meaningful
bedienen operate
bedienend valeting
bediener operators
bedient valets
bediente valeted
bedienung handling
bedienungselement control
bedienungsfeld console
bedingt conditionally
bedingte conditional
bedingung condition
bedingungen conditions
bedraengen bulldoze
bedrohen threaten
bedrohlich threateningly
beduerftig needily
beeilen hasten
beeilend hastening
beeilt hastens
beeilte hastened
beeinflussen bias
beeintraechtigen affect
beeintraechtigend vitiating
beeintraechtigt vitiates
beeintraechtigte vitiated
beeintraechtigungen derogations
beenden determine
beendend ceasing
beendet cancels
beendigung determining
beep beep
beepen beeping
beerdigung burial
beerdigungen interments
beere berry
beeren berries
befaehigen qualify
befaehigend featuring
befaehigt featured
befaehigung qualification
befaehigungen qualifications
befehl comand
befehle comands
befehlend bidding
befehlsempfaenger heeler
befestigen fasten
befestigend fastening
befestigt fastens
befestigte fastened
befestigung attachment
befestigungen attachments
befeuchten dampen
befeuchtend moistening
befeuchtet dampened
befiehlt bids
beflecken speckle
befleckend specking
befleckt specked
befoerderung preferment
befoerderungen preferments
befohlene commanded
befragen consult
befragend querying
befragte queried
befreien deliver
befreiend delivering
befreier deliverer
befreit deliveries
befreite delivered
befreiung deliverance
befreiungen liberations
befriedigen satisfy
befriedigend contenting
befriedigt gratifies
befriedigte contented
befriedigung satisfaction
befristend reprieving
befristet reprieved
befuerchtend afraid
befuerchtung misgiving
befuerchtungen misgivings
befugt legitimated
begabt talented
begabungen talents
begann begun
begegnet encounters
begegnung encounter
begehren covet
begehrend covetting
begehrt covets
begehrte covetted
begeisterung rapture
begeisterungen raptures
begierde cupidity
begierden lusts
begierig aware
beginn beginning
beginnen begin
beginnend commencing
beginnt begins
beglaubigen accredit
beglaubigend accrediting
beglaubigte accredited
begleiten accompany
begleitend accompanying
begleiter tutor
begleitet accompanied
begleitung attendance
beglueckwuenschen felicitate
beglueckwuenschend felicitating
beglueckwuenscht felicitated
begraben bury
begraebnis funeral
begraebnisse burials
begreifen comprehend
begreifend apprehensive
begreift comprehends
begrenzend confining
begrenzer delimiter
begrenzt confines
begrenzte confined
begrenzter narrower
begrenzungen limitations
begriff item
begriffe items
begriffen comprehended
begruendet causes
begruessend welcoming
begruesst welcomes
begruesste welcomed
beguenstigen pander
beguenstigend pandering
beguenstigt panders
beguenstigte benefited
begutachten survey
begutachtend surveying
begutachtete surveyed
behaelt retains
behaelter container
behaglich cosily
behaltend retaining
behandeln medicate
behandelnd medicating
behandelt handled
behandelte medicated
behandler handlers
behandlung therapy
behandlungen therapies
beharren insist
beharrend persisting
beharrlich insistent
beharrlichkeit insistence
beharrte persisted
behaupten allege
behauptend alleging
behauptet alleges
behauptete avered
behauptung allegation
behauptungen allegations
beherrschend governmental
beherrscht governed
beherrschung governing
behexen bedevil
behexend bedevilling
behexte bedevilled
behinderung handicap
behinderungen handicaps
behoerde authorities
beibehalten maintain
beibehaltend maintaining
beide both
beiderseitig mutual
beifall acclamation
beifuegend attributing
beifuegung addendum
beifuegungen additions
beigefuegt affected
beigetragen contributed
beigetreten acceded
beil hatchet
beilage enclosure
beile hatchets
beileid condolence
bein leg
beinahe nearly
beine legs
beinhalten conclude
beiseite aside
beispiel example
beispiele examples
beispiellos unexampled
beissend biting
beistand assistance
beitraege contributions
beitrag contribution
beitragen contribute
beitragend contributing
beitretend acceding
beizeiten betimes
bekannt known
bekannte avowed
bekanntgeben intimate
bekanntgebend intimating
bekanntgegeben intimated
bekanntmachung proclamation
bekanntmachungen proclamations
bekanntschaft acquaintance
bekanntschaften acquaintances
bekennen avow
bekennend avowing
bekennt avows
bekenntnis confession
bekenntnisse avowals
beklagenswert lamentable
beklagte bewailed
bekleckernd blotting
bekleckert blotted
bekleidend vesting
bekleidet vested
bekommen gotten
bekraeftigen affirm
bekraeftigend affirming
bekraeftigt affirms
bekraeftigte affirmed
bekraeftigung affirmation
bekraeftigungen affirmations
belaestigen harass
belaestigend annoying
belaestigt harasses
belaestigte harassed
belaestigung inconvenience
belag facing
belagern beleaguer
belagernd beleaguering
belagert beleaguers
belagerte beleaguered
belanglos irrelevantly
belasten encumber
belastend encumbering
belastet burdened
belastung encumbrance
belauschen overhear
belauschend overhearing
belauscht overhears
belauschte overheared
beleben enliven
belebend enlivening
belebt enlivened
belebte vitalized
beleg voucher
belege vouchers
belegen engage
belegend allocating
belegt allocates
belegung occupancy
belehrt disabuses
beleidigen insult
beleidigt insults
beleidigung indignity
beleidigungen indignities
beleuchtung illumination
beleuchtungen lightings
beliebt liked
beliebtheiten vogues
belohnen recompense
belohnend recompensing
belohnt recompenses
belohnte recompensed
belohnung reward
belohnungen rewards
belustigung merriment
belustigungen merriments
bemerkenswert notable
bemerkt perceived
bemerkung remark
bemitleidend pitying
bemitleidet pitied
bemuehen endeavor
bemuehend endeavoring
bemueht endeavors
bemuehte endeavored
bemuehung endevour
benachbart adjacent
benachteiligt unprivileged
benchmark-Tests benchmarks
benehmen behaviour
benehmend behaving
beneiden envy
beneidend envying
beneidenswert enviable
beneidet envies
beneidete envyed
benennung naming
bengel urchin
benoetigend needing
benoetigt needed
benutzen use
benutzend using
benutzt used
benzin benzine
beobachten observate
beobachtend observating
beobachtet observates
beobachtete observated
beobachtung observation
beobachtungen observations
bequem modest
beraet consults
beratend consultative
beratung consultation
beratungen consultations
berauben bereave
beraubend bereaving
beraubt bereaves
beraubte bereaved
berauschend intoxicant
berechnen calculate
berechnend accounting
berechnet accounts
berechnung calculation
berechnungen calculations
berechtigend warranting
berechtigte warranted
beredsam eloquent
beredsamkeit eloquence
bereich range
bereisen perambulate
bereisend perambulating
bereist perambulates
bereiste perambulated
bereitet prepares
bereitschaft readiness
bereuen repent
bereuend repenting
bereut repents
bereute repented
berg mount
bergab downhill
bergan uphill
berge mountains
bergen salvage
bergend salvaging
bergleute colliers
bergmann collier
bergwerk colliery
bericht bulletin
berichten refer
berichtend referring
berichterstatter reporter
berichterstattung coverage
berichtet refered
berichtete told
berichtigen amend
berichtigte amended
berieseln sprinkle
berieselnd sprinkling
berieselt sprinkles
berieselte sprinkled
berieselungsanlage sprinkler
berieselungsanlagen sprinklers
beruechtigt notorious
beruecksichtigte respected
beruegen defraud
beruehmt famed
beruehmtheit celebrity
beruehmtheiten celebrities
beruehrend touching
beruehrt touched
beruehrte contacted
beruehrung touch
beruflich vocational
berufung vocation
berufungen vocations
beruhigen allay
beruhigend appeasing
beruhigt appeases
beruhigte appeased
beruhigung pacification
beruhigungsmittel sedatives
besachlagnahmen sequestrate
besaenftigen mollify
besaenftigend mollifying
besaenftigt mollified
besann bethought
besass possessed
besatzung garrison
besatzungen garrisons
beschaedigen injure
beschaedigend mauling
beschaedigt corrupted
beschaedigte mauled
beschaedigung injury
beschaeftigend employing
beschaeftigt busy
beschaeftigte employees
beschaeftigung employ
beschaeftigungen employments
beschaemen abash
beschaemend abashing
beschaemt abashes
beschaemte abashed
beschaffenheit habit
beschattete shadowed
beschauer viewers
bescheiden humble
bescheidenheit humility
bescheidenheiten modesties
bescheinigen certificate
bescheinigend certifying
bescheinigt certificates
bescheinigte certified
bescheinigung certification
bescheinigungen certifications
beschichten face
beschierte besmeared
beschimpfen revile
beschimpfend reviling
beschimpft reviles
beschimpfte reviled
beschimpfungen wiggings
beschlagnahmen confiscate
beschlagnahmend confiscating
beschlagnahmt confiscates
beschlagnahmte confiscated
beschleunigen accelerate
beschleunigend accelerating
beschleunigende speeding
beschleuniger accelerator
beschleunigt accelerated
beschleunigte quickened
beschleunigung acceleration
beschmieren besmear
beschmierend besmearing
beschmiert besmeares
beschmierte daubed
beschmutzen pollute
beschmutzend polluting
beschmutzt pollutes
beschmutzte polluted
beschneiden trim
beschraenken confine
beschraenkteste narrowest
beschraenktheit narrowness
beschraenktheiten narrownesses
beschreiben describe
beschreibend describing
beschreibt describes
beschreibung description
beschreibungen descriptions
beschrieben described
beschriften inscribe
beschriftend inscribing
beschriftet inscribes
beschriftung lettering
beschriftungen letterings
beschuetzen patronize
beschuetzend guarding
beschuetzer guardian
beschuetzt patronizes
beschuetzte patronized
beschuht shod
beschuldigen incriminate
beschuldigend accusing
beschuldigt accuses
beschuldigte accused
beschuldigung imputation
beschuldigungen imputations
beschwatzen wheedle
beschwatzend wheedling
beschwatzt wheedles
beschwatzte wheedled
beschwerde complaint
beschwerden grievances
beschwoeren conjure
beschwoerend conjuring
beschwoert evokes
beschworen conjured
beseitigen eliminate
beseitigend nullifying
beseitigt removed
beseitigung elimination
besen besom
besenstiel broomstick
besenstiele broomsticks
besessenheit obsession
besessenheiten obsessions
besetzer occupant
besetzt occupies
besetzung allocation
besetzungen occupations
besichtigung sightseeing
besichtigungen sightseeings
besiedelnd settling
besiedelt settles
besiegen vanquish
besiegend vanquishing
besiegt vanquishes
besiegte vanquished
besinnen bethink
besitz possession
besitze tenures
besitzen possess
besitzend owning
besitzer owners
besitzt possesses
besoffen primed
besohlend soling
besohlt soled
besonderheit particularity
besonders especially
besorgnis solicitude
besorgt solicituous
bespickend spiking
besprechen discuss
besprechend discussing
besprochen discussed
besser better
bessern reclaim
bestaendig settled
bestaendigkeit constancy
bestaendigste constantest
bestaetigen certify
bestaetigt confirmed
bestaetigte acknowledged
bestaetigung confirmation
bestand existed
bestandteil ingredient
bestandteile ingredients
bestatter mortician
bestattungsinstitut undertaker
bestattungsinstitute undertakers
beste best
bestechen bribe
bestechlich corruptible
bestechung bribery
bestechungen corruptions
bestehen exist
bestehend consisting
besteht consists
bestellend tilling
bestellt tills
bestellte tilled
bestellungen tillages
bestens optimally
besteuern taxes
besteuert assessed
besteuerung taxation
besteuerungen taxations
bestie beast
bestimmbar determinable
bestimmen appoint
bestimmend appointing
bestimmt appoints
bestimmte appointed
bestimmung appointment
bestimmungen appointments
bestrafen penalize
bestrafend penalizing
bestraft penalizes
bestrafte penalized
bestrahlend irradiating
bestrahlt irradiates
bestrahlte irradiated
bestuerzung consternation
bestuerzungen consternations
besuch visit
besuche visitations
besuchen visit
besuchend visiting
besucher visitor
besucht visits
besuchte visited
besudeln smirch
besudelnd smirching
besudelt smirches
besudelte smirched
betaetigt stroke
betaeuben deafen
betaeubend deafening
betaeubt deafens
betaeubte intoxicated
betaeubungsmittel narcotics
betitelnd titling
betitelt entitled
betoeren infatuate
betoerend infatuating
betoert infatuates
betoerte infatuated
beton concrete
betonen accentuate
betonend accenting
betont accents
betonte accentuated
betrachten contemplate
betrachtend contemplating
betrachter viewer
betrachtet considered
betrachtete contemplated
betrachtung inspection
betrachtungen considerations
betraechtlich considerable
betraege amounts
betrag amount
betragend amounting
betrauern bemoan
betrauernd bemoaning
betrauert bemoans
betrauerte bemoaned
betreffend concerning
betreiben bustle
betreiber carrier
betreten accede
betrieb deadausser
betriebs operating
betriebsfaehig operable
betriebssicherheit reliability
betrogen cheated
betrueben afflict
betruebend afflicting
betruebt afflicts
betruebte afflicted
betruegen cheat
betruegend defrauding
betrueger blackleg
betruegerei trickery
betruegereien frauds
betruegerisch deceitful
betruegt cheats
betrug deceit
betrunken drunken
bett bed
bettdecke blanket
bettelnd mendicant
betten beds
bettend bedding
bettlaegrig bedrid
bettler beggar
bettstelle bedstead
bettstellen bedsteads
beunruhigen disquiet
beunruhigend disquieting
beunruhigt disquiets
beunruhigte disquieted
beurteilend criticizing
beurteilt criticizes
beurteilte criticized
beute booty
bevoelkern populate
bevoelkernd populating
bevoelkert populates
bevoelkerte populated
bevoelkerung population
bevollmaechtigter attorney
bevor before
bevorrechtigt privileged
bevorzugt preferred
bewacht guarded
bewachung custody
bewachungen custodies
bewaehrt proved
bewaessern irrigate
bewaessernd irrigating
bewaessert irrigates
bewaesserte irrigated
bewahren preserve
bewahrend preserving
bewaldet wooded
bewandert versed
bewegen budge
bewegend budging
beweggrund motivation
beweglich movable
beweglichkeit flexibilty
bewegt budges
bewegte budged
bewegung motion
bewegungen locomotions
bewegungslos motionless
bewerber candidate
bewerten rate
bewertet valued
bewertung valuation
bewoelkt overcast
bewohnbar habitable
bewohnen inhabit
bewohnend inhabiting
bewohner inhabitant
bewohnt inhabits
bewohnte inhabited
bewundern admire
bewundernswert admirable
bewunderung admiration
bewusst conscious
bezahlen pay
bezahlend paying
bezahlt paid
bezahlung contributation
bezaubern enchant
bezaubernd charming
bezaubert enchanted
bezauberte fascinated
bezauberung enchantment
bezeichnen denote
bezeichnend denoting
bezeichnende significant
bezeichnenderweise significantly
bezeichnet denoted
bezeichnung notation
bezeichnungen notations
bezeugen testified
bezeugend testifying
bezeugt testifies
bezeugte wittnessed
beziehen correlate
beziehend correlating
bezieht correlates
beziehung relation
beziehungen relations
bezirk borough
bezirke cantons
bezug reference
bibel bible
biber beaver
bibliographie bibliography
bibliothek library
bibliothekar librarian
bibliothekare librarians
biegen inflect
biegend inflecting
biegsam limber
biegsamkeit pliancy
biegt inflects
biegung inflexion
biegungen bends
biene bee
bienen bees
bienenkoerbe beehives
bienenstock beehive
bier beer
biere beers
bieten bid
bigann began
bild picture
bildend formative
bilder images
bildhaft pictoral
bildhauer sculptor
bildschirm screen
bildschirm- onscreen
bildschirme screens
bildung formations
billig cheap
billigend approving
billigste cheapest
billigt approves
billigung approval
billigungen approvals
billion billion
binaer binary
binde ligature
binden bind
bindend binding
bindestiche hyphens
bindestrich hyphen
bindestriche dashes
bindet binds
bindfaden packthread
bindfaeden packthreads
binnenland midland
binsenwahrheit truism
binsenwahrheiten truisms
biografisch biographical
birgt salvages
birke birch
birken birches
birne pear
birnen pears
bis til
bisam musquash
bisamratten musquashes
bischof bishop
bisher hitherto
biss bite
bissen morsel
bissig snappily
bisweilen sometimes
bitmodus bitmode
bitte please
bitten beg
bittend begging
bitter bitter
bittet begs
bittsteller applicant
blaeschen bleb
blaesse paleness
blaesslich pallidly
blaest toots
blaetter blades
blaettern browse
blamieren blame
blamierend stultifying
blamiert stultifies
blamierte stultified
blase bladder
blasen blow
blasend blowing
blass pale
blatt leaf
blau blue
blaumeise nun
blaumeisen nuns
blei lead
bleiben abide
bleibend remaining
bleibt residents
bleichen blanch
bleichend blanching
bleicht blanches
bleiern leaden
bleistift pencil
blenden dazzle
blendend dazzling
blendet dazzles
blick look
blickwinkel perspective
blies blew
blind blind
blindlings blindfold
blindschleiche blindworm
blindschleichen blindworms
blinken blink
blinkend blinking
blinkt blinks
blitz flash
block block
blockade blockade
blockierend blocking
blockiert blocked
blockierung deadlock
bloecke blocks
bloede daft
bloeken bleat
bloekend bleating
bloekt bleats
blond fair
bloss mere
bluehend florid
bluete bloom
blueten blooms
blume flower
blumen flowers
blumenhaendler florist
blumenkohl cauliflower
blumenstraeusse nosegays
blumenstrauss bouquet
bluse blouse
blusen blouses
blut blood
blutbad massacre
blutbaeder massacres
blutdurstig sanguinary
bluten bleed
blutend bleeding
bluterguss bruise
blutet bleeds
blutig gorily
blutige bloody
blutruenstig bloodthirsty
blutschande incest
blutvergiessen bloodshed
blutvergiftung sepsis
bock buck
boden floor
boeden bottoms
boee blast
boeen blasts
boegen bows
boersenmakler stockbrokers
boese sinister
boeswillig malignant
boeswilligkeit malevolence
boeswilligkeiten malevolences
bogen arch
bohne bean
bohnen beans
bohren bore
bohrer auger
boje buoy
bolzen bolts
bombardieren bombard
bombe bomb
bomben bombs
bonbon goody
bonbons sweetmeats
boot boat
bootbare bootable
booten boot
bootfahrt boating
bordell brothel
bordelle brothels
borgen borrow
borgend borrowing
borgt borrows
boshaft fiendish
bosheit malice
bosheiten malices
bote messenger
boten messengers
botschaft embassy
botschaften embassies
boutique millinery
boutiquen millineries
box box
boxen boxes
brach broke
braeuche observances
braeunen tan
braeunend tanning
braeunt tans
braeutigam bridegroom
braeutigamme bridegrooms
brand- brand
brandstifter firebug
brandung surf
braten fry
bratensosse gravy
bratfett dripping
bratsche viola
brauch rite
brauchbar usable
brauchen need
braue brow
brauen brew
braun brown
brausen bluster
brausend blustering
braust blusters
braut brews
braut- bridal
brechbar breakable
brechen crack
brechend rupturing
brechung refraction
brei pap
breie mushes
breiig pappily
breit broadly
breite breadth
breiten latitudes
bremse brake
brennbar combustible
brennen burn
brennend blazing
brenner burner
brennholz firewood
brennstoff fuel
brennt blazes
brett plank
bretter planks
bricht ruptures
brief letter
briefkaesten mailboxes
briefkasten letter-box
briefkoepfe letterheads
briefkopf letterhead
briefmarke stamp
brieftasche billfold
brieftaschen billfolds
brieftraeger mailman
briefumschlag envelope
brille glasses
brilliant brillant
bringen bring
bringend bringing
bringt brings
brisen breezes
britisch british
brocken boulder
broetchen bun
brokat brocade
brombeerstrauch bramble
bronzen brazen
brosche brooch
broschuere booklet
brot bread
brote loaves
bruch fracture
bruchstueck fragment
bruchstuecke fragments
bruchteile fractions
bruder brother
brueche breaches
bruecke bridge
bruecken bridges
brueder brothers
bruederlich brotherly
bruederschaft brotherhood
bruellen bawl
bruellend bellowing
bruellt bawls
bruellte bawled
brueste breasts
brueten breed
bruetend hatching
bruetet hatches
brummbaer growler
brummend growling
brummt growls
brunnen fountain
brunnenkresse watercress
brust breast
brustwarze nipple
brustwarzen nipples
brut spawn
brutal brutal
brutalitaet brutality
buch book
buche beech
buchen beaches
buchname bookname
buchse female
buchseite page
buchstabe letter
buchstaben letters
buchstabieren alphabetize
buchstabiert spelled
buchstaeblich literal
bucht bay
buchtitel booknames
buchung posting
buckliger hunchback
bude booth
buden boothes
buecher books
buecherregal bookcase
buechse box
buechsen cans
buechsen- canned
buecklinge kippers
bueffel buffalo
buegelnd ironing
buehne stage
buendel bale
buendelnd bundling
buendnis alliance
buendnisse confederacies
buerge guarantor
buergend bailing
buerger citizen
buergerlich civic
buergermeister mayor
buergerschaft township
buergersteig pavement
buergersteige sidewalks
buergerwehr militia
buergt bails
buero bureau
bueroklammer paperclip
bueroklammern paperclips
bueros bureaus
buerste brush
buerstend brushing
buerstet brushes
buesche bushes
bueschel tuft
buessen atone
buessend atoning
buesst atones
bueste bust
buestenhalter brassiere
bulldogge bulldog
bulldoggen bulldogs
bummeln saunter
bummelnd sauntering
bummelstreik go-slow
bummelt saunters
bummelte sauntered
bummler loafer
bumsen thump
bumsend thumping
bumst thumps
bund collar
bunde trusses
bunker bunker
bunt coloured
bursche chap
bus bus
busch bush
buschig bushily
busen bosom
busleitung highway
bussard buzzard
bussarde buzzards
busse penance
bussen penances
butter butter
butterbrot sandwich
butterbrote sandwiches
byte byte
bytes bytes
cAPS caps
cLS cls
cTRL ctrl
camera camera
cassette cassette
champignon mushroom
champignons mushrooms
chancen odds
charakteristische characeristics
checken check
checksumme checksum
checksummen checksums
chef boss
chemie chemistry
chemisch chemical
china china
chinin quinine
chip chip
chips chips
chirurg surgeon
chirurgen surgeons
chirurgie surgery
chirurgisch surgical
choere choirs
chor choir
christlich christian
chrom chromium
chroniken chronicles
chronisch chronic
chronologisch chronological
clone clone
clones clones
club club
cluster cluster
code code
codes codes
codewoerter codewords
codierbar codeable
codieren encode
codierend coding
codiert coded
codierung encoding
compiler compiler
compiliert compiled
compilierung compilation
computer computer
copyright copyright
coupon coupon
coups coups
crash crash
cursor cursor
dEFINITIONEN definitions
dOS dos
dach housetop
dachdecker tiler
dachkammer garret
dachs badger
dachsparren rafter
dachstube garret
dachte thoughts
dachwohnung penthouse
dachwohnungen penthouses
dachzimmer garrets
dadurch thereby
daecher roofs
daemme embankments
daemmernd dawning
daemmert dawns
daemmerte dawned
daemmerung dawn
daemmerungen twilights
daempfe vapors
daempfen damp
daempfend muting
daempfer damper
daempft mutes
daerme guts
daher hence
dahinter behind
dame dame
damen dames
damit therewith
damm embankment
dampf steam
dampfen steam
dampfend steaming
dampfer damper
dampft steams
danach hereafter
daneben aside
dank thank
dankbar gracefully
dankbarkeit gratitude
danke thanx
dankend reciprocating
danksagung thanksgiving
danksagungen thanksgivings
dankt reciprocates
dann then
darauf thereupon
darbietend presenting
darbietungen presentations
dargelegt presented
dargestellt personated
darlehensgeber lender
darm bowel
darstellen depict
darstellend depicting
darstellungen maps
daruebergelegt superimposed
das that
datei database
dateien databases
dateikopf header
daten data
datenfile datafile
datenstampfen datestamp
datierend dating
datiert dated
datum date
dauer duration
dauer- continuous
dauerhaft durable
dauernd perennial
dauert lasts
daumen thumbs
dazwischen interjacent
deaktiviert deactivated
debugger debugger
dechiffrierung deciphering
decke blanket
deckel lid
decken defray
decoder decoder
decodieren decode
decodierer decrypter
decodiert decodes
decodierte decoded
defekt damaged
definierbar definable
definieren define
definierend defining
definiert defined
definition definition
degradieren demote
degradierend demoting
degradiert demotes
degradierte demoted
dehnend stretching
dehngefaess bellows
deich dike
deiche dikes
dekodierung decoding
dekompilieren decompile
dekorateur upholsterer
dekorateure upholsterers
delirien ravings
demo demo
demokratisch democratic
demonstration demonstration
demonstrationen demonstrations
demonstrativ demonstrative
demonstrieren demonstrate
demonstrierend demonstrating
demonstriert demonstrates
demos demos
demuetigend abasing
demuetigt humbles
demut humbleness
denkbar conceivable
denken think
denkend thinking
denkmaeler memorials
denkmal memorial
denkschrift memoir
denkschriften memoirs
denkt thinks
denkwuerdig memorable
denn for
denunziant informer
denunzianten informers
desgleichen ditto
deshalb therefore
designer designer
deswegen therefore
detail detail
detailliert detailed
detektiv detective
deutliche broad
deutsch german
deutsche german
deutschland germany
dezember december
dezimal decimal
diaet diet
diagnose diagnose
diagnostisch diagnostic
diagonal diagonal
diagonale diagonals
diagramm diagram
dialekte idioms
dialog dialog
dicht dense
dichte densities
dichter densier
dichterin poetess
dichterinnen poetesses
dichteste densiest
dichtkuenste poetries
dichtkunst poetry
dichtungen fictions
dichtungsmittel sealant
dick thick
dicke fatness
dicker thicker
dickicht thicket
dickichte thickets
dieb burglar
diebe thieves
diebstaehle thefts
dienen conduce
dienend servicing
diener slave
dienlich conducive
dienst service
dienstag tuesday
dienste services
dienstprogramm utility
dient conduces
diese these
dieses thus
dietrich picklock
differenzieren differentiate
diffusor diffusor
diktat dictation
dimension dimension
dimensional dimensional
dimensionen dimensions
dimensionierend dimensioning
ding thing
dinge doings
dip dip
dipol dipole
directories directories
directory directory
direkt direct
direktiven directives
direktor headmaster
direktoren headmasters
dirnen prostitutes
diskette discette
disketten diskettes
diskrepanzen discrepancies
diskret discrete
diskussion discussion
diskussionen discussions
diskutiert discusses
distel thistle
disteln thistles
division division
docht wick
dochte wicks
doerfer cottages
doesen doze
doesend dozing
doest dozes
doeste dozed
dogge mastiff
doggen mastiffs
dohle daw
dohlen daws
doktoren doctors
dokument document
dokumentation documentation
dokumente documents
dokumentierend documenting
dokumentiert documented
dolch dagger
dolche daggers
dolde umbel
dolden umbels
dollar dollar
dollars dollars
dom cathedral
domain domain
dome cathedrals
donner thunder
donnernd thundering
donnerschlaege thunderclaps
donnerschlag thunderclap
donnerstag thursday
donnerstage thursdays
donnert thunders
doppelanschlag doublestrike
doppeldeutig ambiguously
doppelpunkt colon
doppelt double
doppelzentner quintal
dorf cottage
dorfbewohner villager
dorn thorn
dornen thorns
dornig spinily
dort there
dose tin
dosen tins
dosieren meter
dosierungen dosages
dots dots
dotter yolk
drachen dragon
draehte wires
draengen urge
draengend thronging
draengt throngs
draht wire
drahtig wirily
drahtlos wireless
drall buxomly
dralle buxom
dramatisch dramatic
draufgaenger dare-devil
draussen outside
drechsler turner
drehbar hinged
drehbuch scenario
drehbuecher scenarios
drehen rotate
drehend revolving
drehende spinning
drehkreuz turnstile
drehkreuze turnstiles
drehmoment torque
drehmoment- torsional
drehpunkt fulcrum
dreht revolves
drehzahl speed
drehzahlerhoehung speed-up
drehzahlmesser tachometer
drehzahlverminderung slow-down
drei three
dreiecke triangles
dreieckig triangular
dreifach threefold
dreifuss tripod
dreimal thrice
dreirad tricycle
dreiraeder tricycles
dreissig thirty
dreist brash
dreizack trident
dreizehn thirteen
dreschend threshing
drescher thresher
dringend imperatively
drischt threshes
dritte third
drittens thirdly
droehnend booming
droge drug
drogen drugs
drohen impend
drohend impending
drohende imminent
droht impends
drohung threat
drohungen threats
drossel throstle
drosseln bluebirds
druck pressure
druckausgaben printouts
druckbar printable
druckbare printables
drucke printings
drucken print
druckend printing
drucker lineprinter
druckfehler errata
druckkopf printhead
druckregler pressurestat
druckschrift blockletters
druckt prints
drueckeberger quitter
druecken depress
drueckend presssing
drueckt presses
druese gland
druesen glands
dschungel jungle
dschunken junks
du thou
dudelsack bagpipe
dudelsaecke bagpipes
duebel dowel
duene dune
duenen dunes
duenger manure
duenn tenuous
duerftig poor
duerr arid
duerre drought
duerstend thirsting
duerstet thirsts
duese nozzle
duesen nozzles
duester dusky
duft perfume
duftend fragrant
dulden tolerate
dumm dull
dummheit dullness
dummheiten fooleries
dummkopf dunce
dunkel abstruse
dunkelfett darkbold
dunkelheit darkness
dunkelheiten obscurities
dunkeln darken
dunkelste darkest
dunkler darker
dunst haze
dunstig dankly
duplex duplex
duplizieren duplicate
dupliziert duplicated
durch across
durchaus absolutely
durchblick vista
durchblicke vistas
durchbohren pierce
durchbohrend piercing
durchbohrt pierced
durchbruch breakthrough
durchdringbar penetrable
durchdringen penetrate
durchdringend penetrating
durchdringt thrills
durchdrungen pervaded
durcheinander jumble
durcheinandergeworfen jumbled
durcheinanderwerfend jumbling
durchfallen flunk
durchfallend flunking
durchflutend flushing
durchflutet flushed
durchfuehrbar feasible
durchfuehrbarkeit feasibility
durchfuehren perform
durchgaenge gangways
durchgang thoroughfar
durchgedrungen penetrated
durchgefallen flunked
durchgesehen perused
durchgesickert percolated
durchgewuehlt ransacked
durchlaessig permeable
durchlauf pass
durchlaufen travers
durchloechern perforate
durchloechernd perforating
durchloechert perforates
durchloecherte perforated
durchnaessen soak
durchnaessend soaking
durchnaesst soaked
durchqueren traverse
durchquerend traversing
durchquert traversed
durchsatz performance
durchschalten interconnect
durchschnitt average
durchschnitte averages
durchschnittich medium
durchsetzung enforcement
durchsicht perusal
durchsichten perusals
durchsichtig transparent
durchsickern percolate
durchsickernd percolating
durchstechen transfix
durchstechend transfixing
durchsticht transfixes
durchstochen transfixed
durchsuchen rummage
durchsuchend rummaging
durchsucht rummages
durchsuchte rummaged
durchweg throughout
durchweicht sodden
durchwuehlen ransack
durchwuehlend ransacking
durchwuehlt ransacks
durst thirst
durstig thirstily
dusche shower
duschen douche
duschend douching
duscht douches
dutzend dozen
dutzende dozens
dynamische dynamic
dynamischffektiv dynamically
eRRORLEVEL errorlevel
eSC esc
ebene layer
ebenheit evenness
eber boar
ebgelehnt repudiated
echo echo
echt genuine
ecke corner
ecken corners
edel noble
edelstein jewel
efeu ivy
effekte effects
ehe ere
ehebrecher adulterer
ehebrecherin adulteress
ehebrecherisch adulterous
ehelich conjugal
ehemals formerly
ehemann husband
ehen matrimonies
eher rather
eher...als rather...than
ehestifter matchmaker
ehrbar reputable
ehre honesty
ehren revere
ehrend revering
ehrenvoll honestly
ehrenwerte honest
ehrerbietig respectful
ehrerbietung obeisance
ehrerbietungen obeisances
ehrgeiz ambition
ehrlich faithfully
ehrlos dishonourable
ehrt reveres
ehrwuerdig reverend
ei egg
eiche oak
eichel acorn
eicheln acorns
eichen oaks
eichend gauging
eichhoernchen squirrel
eid oath
eide oaths
eidechse lizard
eidechsen lizards
eidotter yolk
eier eggs
eifer alacrity
eifersucht jealousy
eifersuechtig jealous
eifersuechtiger jealousier
eifersuechtigst jealousiest
eifrig eager
eigen own
eigenheit peculiarity
eigenheiten peculiarities
eigennuetzig selfish
eigensinnig wayward
eigentum ownership
eigerissen jaggy
eilen haste
eilend hasting
eilt hastes
eimer bucket
ein impliesschliesst
einaeschern incinerate
einaeschernd incinerating
einatmen inhale
einatmend inhaling
einbahnstrasse oneway
einbaufertig pre-finished
einbeziehen include
einbeziehend implying
einbezogen included
einbildung conceit
einbildungen conceits
einblick insight
einbrechend irruptively
einbrecher burglar
einbruch irruption
einbrueche irruptions
einbuergern nationalize
einbuergernd nationalizing
einbuessen forfeit
einbuessend forfeiting
eindosend tinning
eindringen infiltrate
eindringend infiltrating
eindringling interloper
eindringlinge interlopers
eindruck impression
eindrucksvoll impressive
eindruecke impressions
eine an
einehe monogamy
einehen monogamies
einengend narrowing
eines ones
einfach facile
einfacher simpler
einfachheit simplicity
einfachste simplest
einfachwirkend single-acting
einfaedelnd threading
einfaelle incursions
einfahrt gateway
einfall incursion
einfallslos unimaginative
einfallspinsel simpleton
einfarbig unichrome
einfassen gird
einfluesse influences
einfluss influence
einflussreich influential
einfrieren freeze
einfrierend freezing
einfuegen infix
einfuegend inserting
einfuegung insertion
einfuegungen insertions
einfuehren inaugurate
einfuehrend introducing
einfuehrung inaugural
einfuehrungen inaugurals
einfuellstutzen filler
einfuhren importations
eingabe feed
eingabename inputname
eingang entrance
eingeaeschert incinerated
eingeatmet inhaled
eingeben enter
eingebend inputting
eingebildet conceited
eingebuergert naturalized
eingebuesst forfeited
eingebung inspiration
eingebungen inspirations
eingedenk mindful
eingedost tinned
eingedrungen infiltrated
eingeengt narrowly
eingefaedelt threaded
eingefroren froze
eingefuegt inserted
eingefuehrt inaugurated
eingegeben entered
eingegossen infused
eingegriffen encroached
eingehuellt jacketed
eingeimpft inoculated
eingeklinkt latched
eingekreist encircled
eingeladen invited
eingelegt inlaid
eingeleitet prefaced
eingeordnet ranged
eingepflanzt implanted
eingepraegt impressed
eingeraeumt conceded
eingerichtet arranged
eingeschaerft inculcated
eingeschlossen comprised
eingeschnitten gashed
eingeschoben interpolated
eingeschraenkt restricted
eingeschuechtert browbeated
eingeschuechterte overawed
eingeseift soaped
eingespritzt injected
eingestandenermassen avowedly
eingetaucht dipped
eingeteilt rationed
eingetraeufelt instilled
eingewandert immigrated
eingewandt demured
eingeweide bowels
eingeweiht privily
eingeweihte hepcats
eingeweihter hepcat
eingewickelt enveloped
eingewirkt appealed
eingeworfen interposed
eingezaeunt fenced
eingezwaengt wedged
eingiessen infuse
eingiessend infusing
eingreifen encroach
eingreifend encroaching
eingrenzen isolate
eingriff encroachment
eingriffe encroachments
einheimisch aboriginal
einheit unity
einheiten chunks
einheitlich uniform
einhoerner unicorns
einhorn unicorn
einige some
einigkeiten unities
einimpfen inoculate
einimpfend inoculating
einkauf purchase
einkaufend shopping
einkeitung introductory
einkerbend indenting
einklang unison
einklinkend latching
einkommen income
einkreisen encircle
einkreisend encircling
einladen invite
einladend inviting
einladung invitation
einladungen invitations
einlass inlet
einlegend sandwiching
einleitend initiatively
einleitung introduction
einleitungen introductions
einmal once
einmischungen interferences
einmuetig unanimous
einmuetigkeit unanimity
einmuetigkeiten unanimities
einordnung classification
einpraegen impress
einpraegend impressing
einraeumend conceding
einreihen enqueue
einrichten arrange
einrichtend establishing
einrichtung arrangement
einrichtungen constitutions
einruecken indent
einsam lonely
einsamkeit loneliness
einsatz encouragement
einsatzhaerten case-harden
einschaerfen inculcate
einschaerfend inculcating
einschaetzend taxing
einschalten plug
einschiebend interpolating
einschlaefernd somniferous
einschliessen imbed
einschliessend comprising
einschliesslich conclusively
einschluesse enclosures
einschluss embedding
einschneiden incise
einschneidend gashing
einschnitt gash
einschnitte incisions
einschraenken restrict
einschraenkend restricting
einschraenkung limitation
einschraenkungen restrictions
einschuechtern browbeat
einschuechternd intimidating
einseifend soaping
einseitig onesided
einsetzen implant
einsicht discernment
einsichten discernments
einspritzen inject
einspritzend injecting
einspritzventil injector
einspruch plea
einsprueche pleas
einstampfend stamping
einstellbar adjustable
einstellen adjust
einstellig monadic
einstellung attitude
einstellungen settings
einstieg entrance
einstimmig concordant
einstufung grading
eintauchen dip
einteilen grade
einteilend rationing
einteilung graduation
eintoenig drab
eintoenigkeit monotony
eintoenigkeiten monotonies
eintopf mulligan
eintraege entries
eintraeglich gainful
eintraegliche lucrative
eintraeufeln instil
eintraeufelnd instilling
eintrag inscription
eintragen enrol
eintragung entry
eintragungen inscriptions
eintritt admittance
einvernehmen understandings
einwachsend ingrowing
einwaende objections
einwaerts inward
einwand objection
einwanderer immigrant
einwandern immigrate
einwandernd immigrating
einwanderung immigration
einwanderungen immigrations
einweisen instruct
einweisung briefing
einwendend demuring
einwendung demur
einwendungen demurs
einwerfend interposing
einwickeln envelop
einwickelnd enveloping
einwilligung adhesion
einwirken appeal
einwirkend appealing
einwirkung impact
einwohner inhabitant
einzaeunen corral
einzaeunend fencing
einzelhaendler retailer
einzelheit detail
einzelheiten details
einzeln apartly
einzelne single
einzig sole
einzigartig unique
einzigartigkeit singularity
einzigartigkeiten singularities
einzwaengen wedge
einzwaengend wedging
eis ice
eisberg iceberg
eisberge icebergs
eisen iron
eisenbahn railroad
eisenbahnen railways
eisenhaendler ironmonger
eisig glacial
eisscholle floe
eisschollen floes
eisschrank refrigerator
eiszapfen icicle
eitel vain
eitern suppurate
eiternd suppurating
eitert suppurates
eitrig ulcerous
eiversuechtig jealously
ekelhaft loathsome
ekeln disgust
ekelnd disgusting
ekliger nastier
ekligste nastiest
elan verve
elastisch elastic
elastizitaet resilience
elastizitaeten resiliences
elch elk
elche elks
elegant elegant
eleganz elegance
elektriker electrician
elektrisch electric
elektrizitaet electricity
elektronen electrons
elektronenroehre valve
elektronisch electronic
element element
elementare elementary
elemente elements
elend calamitous
elendsviertel slums
elensviertel slum
elf eleven
elfenbein ivory
elfte eleventh
eliminiert eliminates
elite elite
ellenbogen elbow
ellipse ellipse
ellipsen ellipses
ellyptisch elliptical
elster magpie
elstern magpies
eltern parents
elternteil parent
emaille enamel
empfaenger receiver
empfaenglich receptive
empfaengt receipts
empfang receiving
empfangen conceived
empfangend receipting
empfehlen commend
empfehlend commending
empfehlung recommendation
empfiehlt commends
empfinddlichkeit sensivity
empfindend sentient
empfindlich queasily
empfindlichkeit sensibility
empfindlichkeiten sensivities
empfindung sentiment
empfindungen sentiments
empfohlen commended
empoert indignantly
empoerung indignations
emporkoemmling upstart
emporkoemmlinge upstarts
enbrechend irruptive
end- terminal
ende end
endend ending
endet ceases
endgueltig conclusive
endlos endless
endlosigkeit infinity
endungen endings
energie energy
energieen energies
energien vigors
energisch energetic
enfaltete unfurled
eng closely
engel angel
engelhaft angelic
enger closer
engherzig hidebound
englisch english
engstirnig illiberal
enkel grandchild
enlastet exonerated
entarten deganerate
entartend degenerating
entartet degenerates
entartete degenerated
entbehrlich dispensable
entbehrlicher dispensablier
entbehrlichst dispensabliest
entdecken discover
entdeckend detecting
entdeckt detected
entdeckung detection
entdeckungen detections
ente duck
entehren dishonor
entehrend dishonorable
enten canards
enterich drake
entfalten unfurl
entfaltend unfurling
entfaltet unfurls
entfernt distant
entfernte remote
entfernung distance
entfernungen remotenesses
entflammen inflame
entflammend inflaming
entflammt inflames
entflammte inflamed
entfremden estrange
entfremdend estranging
entfremdet estranged
entfuehren abduct
entfuehrend abducting
entfuehrer kidnapper
entfuehrt abducts
entfuehrte abducted
entfuehrung kidnapping
entgegen vice
entgegengesetzt contrarily
entgegensetzen oppose
entgeistert aghast
entgelt hire
entgelte hires
entgengesetzt polar
entgueltig definitely
enthaelt comprises
enthaeutend skinning
enthalten contain
enthaltend containing
enthaltsam abstemiously
enthielt contained
enthuellen unveil
enthuellend revealing
enthuellt discloses
enthuellte unveiled
enthusiasten enthusiasts
entkam escaped
entkleiden strip
entkleidend stripping
entkleidet strips
entkleidete stripped
entkommt escapes
entkomprimieren decompress
entkomprimiert decompressed
entkorken uncork
entkorkend uncorking
entkorkt uncorks
entkorkte uncorked
entkraeftet effete
entladen unload
entlaedt discharges
entlaesst disbands
entlaeuft elopes
entlang along
entlarven unmask
entlarvend unmasking
entlarvt unmasks
entlarvte unmasked
entlassen disband
entlassend disbanding
entlassung dismissal
entlassungen dismissals
entlasten exonerate
entlastend exonerating
entlastet exonerates
entlaufen elope
entlaufend eloping
entleeren vacate
entleerend emptying
entlegen outlying
entleiher borrower
entlueften vent
entmannen unman
entmannend unmanning
entmannt unmans
entmannte unmanned
entmarkieren untag
entmutigen daunt
entmutigend daunting
entmutigt daunted
entmutigte dejected
entmutigung discouragement
entnehmen extract
entnerven unnerve
entnervend enervating
entnervt enervated
entnervte unnerved
entraetseln unriddle
entraetselnd unravelling
entraetselt unravelled
entraetselte unriddled
entreissen wrest
entreissend wresting
entriegelt unlock
entrissen wrested
entruestet indignant
entruestung indignation
entsagen abdicate
entsagend abdicating
entsagt abdicated
entsagungen renunciations
entschaedigen reimburse
entschaedigend reimbursing
entschaedigt reimburses
entschaedigte reimbursed
entschaedigungen reparations
entscheiden decide
entscheidend crucial
entscheidender decisivier
entscheidet decides
entscheidung arbitration
entscheidungen arbitrations
entschied decided
entschlossen determined
entschluesse resolutions
entschluesseln encrypt
entschluesselt decrypted
entschuldbar excusable
entschuldigen apologize
entschuldigend apologizing
entschuldigt apologizes
entschuldigte apologized
entschuldigung apology
entschuldigungen apologies
entschwindet escapades
entsetzlich horrible
entsetzt horrified
entspannen unbend
entspannend relaxing
entspannt relaxed
entspannte unbended
entspannung relaxation
entsprach corresponded
entsprechen comply
entsprechend complying
entspricht complies
entsprochen complied
entstanden accrued
entstehen accrue
entstehend accruing
entsteht accrues
entstellen deface
entstellend defacing
entstellt defaces
entstellte defaced
enttaeuschen disappoint
enttaeuschend disappointing
enttaeuscht disappointed
enttaeuschte disappointed
enttaeuschung disappointment
entwaessert drains
entwaffnen disarm
entwaffnend disarming
entwaffnet disarms
entwaffnete disarmed
entweder either
entweder...oder either...or
entweichen leak
entweihen desecrate
entweihend desecrating
entweiht desecrates
entweihte desecrated
entwenden purloin
entwendend purloining
entwendet purloins
entwendete purloined
entwerfend designing
entwickeln develop
entwickelnd developing
entwickelt developed
entwickelte evolved
entwickler developer
entwicklung developement
entwicklungen developments
entwicklungsgemaess developmental
entwirft designs
entwirren unravel
entwirrend untangling
entwirrt untangles
entwirrte untangled
entwoehnen wean
entwoehnend weaning
entwoehnt weans
entwoehnte weaned
entwurf design
entwurzeln disroot
entwurzelnd disrooting
entwurzelt disroots
entwurzelte disrooted
entziehen withdraw
entziffern decipher
entziffert deciphers
entzifferte deciphered
entzuecken delight
entzueckt rapt
entzuendbar inflammable
entzuenden ignite
entzuendend igniting
entzuendet ignited
entzuendung ignition
entzuendungen inflammations
epilog epilog
er he
eraubnis allowance
erbaermlich paltrily
erbe heir
erbend inheriting
erbin heiress
erbleichte blanched
erblich hereditary
erblichkeit heredity
erblicken behold
erblickend beholding
erblickt beholds
erblickte beholded
erbrechen puke
erbrechend puking
erbricht pukes
erbrochen puked
erbschaft heritage
erbschaften heritages
erbse pea
erbsen peas
erbstueck heirloom
erbt inherits
erbteile inheritances
erdbeere strawberry
erdbeeren strawberries
erdichtet fictional
erdnuesse peanuts
erdnuss peanut
erdrosseln throttle
erdrosselnd throttling
erdrosselt throttles
erdrosselte throttled
erdrutsch landslide
erdrutsche landslides
erdulden undergo
erduldend undergoing
erduldet undergoes
erduldete undergone
ereignen befall
ereignis event
ereignislos uneventful
ereignisreich eventfull
ereignisse events
erfahren adept
erfahrung experience
erfahrungsgemaess empirical
erfassen apprehend
erfassend apprehending
erfasst apprehends
erfasste apprehended
erfassung gathering
erfinden invent
erfindend inventing
erfinder contrivancer
erfinderisch inventive
erfindung contrivance
erfindungen concoctions
erflehen crave
erfleht craves
erflehte craved
erfolg prosperity
erfolglos unsuccessfully
erfolgreich prosperous
erforderlich requisitely
erfordern necessitate
erfordernd necessitating
erfordernis requisite
erfordert necessitates
erforderte necessitated
erforschen investigate
erforschend investigating
erforscher explorer
erforscht investigates
erforschte investigated
erforschung exploration
erforschungen explorations
erfreuen gladden
erfreuend delighting
erfreulich enjoyable
erfreut delights
erfreute gladdened
erfrischend recreating
erfrischung refection
erfrischungen refections
erfuellt fulfilled
erfuellung compliance
erfuellungen fulfillments
erfundet invented
ergab resulted
ergaenzend integrating
ergaenzung complement
ergaenzungen complements
ergeben addicted
ergebenst sincerely
ergebnis outcome
ergibt results
ergiessen gush
ergraut hoary
ergreifend seizing
ergreift seizes
ergreifung seizure
ergreifungen seizures
ergriffen seized
erguesse effusions
erguss effusion
erhaben elevated
erhaelt conceives
erhaeltlich obtainable
erhalten conceive
erhaltung preservation
erheben elevate
erhebend arising
erheblich relevant
erhebt extols
erhebung levy
erhebungen levies
erheitern exhilarate
erheiternd exhilarating
erheitert exhilarated
erhielt received
erhitzend heating
erhitzer boiler
erhoben arisen
erhoehen exalt
erhoehend elevating
erhoeht elevates
erhoehte heightened
erhoehung elevation
erinnern remeber
erinnernd remembering
erinnert remembered
erinnerte reminded
erinnerung memorization
erinnerungen reminders
erinnerungsluecken blackouts
erkannbare cognizable
erkennbar cognizably
erkennen perceive
erkennend recognizing
erkennnen detect
erkennt perceives
erkenntnis cognition
erkenntnisse cognitions
erkennung recognition
erklaeren declare
erklaerend declaring
erklaerlich explicable
erklaert declared
erklaerte expounded
erklaerung declaration
erklaerungen declarations
erkranken sicken
erkrankend sickening
erkrankt sickens
erkrankte sickened
erkundung reconnaissance
erlaeutern elucidate
erlaeuternd commenting
erlaeutert elucidates
erlaeuterte elucidated
erlaeuterung elucidation
erlaeuterungen elucidations
erlangt obtains
erlangte obtained
erlass writ
erlasse writs
erlauben allow
erlaubend allowing
erlaubnis admission
erlaubnisschein permit
erlaubnisse permissions
erlaubt allows
erlaubte allowed
erledigt done
erleichtern alleviate
erleichternd facilitating
erleichtert facilitated
erleichterte relieved
erleichterung relief
erleichterungen reliefs
erleuchten enlighten
erleuchtend enlightening
erleuchtet enlightened
erleuchtete lit
erloes receipts
erloschen extinct
ermaechtigen authorize
ermaechtigend authorizing
ermaechtigt authorized
ermaechtigung authorization
ermahnen admonish
ermahnend admonishing
ermahnt admonishes
ermahnte admonished
ermatten languish
ermattend fainting
ermattet fainted
ermattete languished
ermitteln ascertain
ermittelnd ascertaining
ermittelt ascertains
ermittelte ascertained
ermoeglichen submit
ermoeglichend enabling
ermoeglicht enabled
ermueden tire
ermuedend fatigueing
ermuedet fatigues
ermuedete fatigued
ermuedung fatigue
ermutigen elate
ermutigend elating
ermutigt elated
ermutigungen encouragements
ernaehrung nutrition
ernannte nominated
ernennen nominate
ernennend nominating
ernennt nominates
ernennung nomination
ernennungen nominations
erneuerbare renewable
erneuern regenerate
erneuernd rebuilding
erneuert rebuild
erneuerte regenerated
erneuerung renewal
erneuerungen renewals
erniedrigen abase
erniedrigend vulgarizing
erniedrigt abases
erniedrigte abased
ernst earnest
ernte harvest
ernten reap
erntend harvesting
erntet harvests
ernuechterung disillusion
ernuechterungen disillusions
eroberer conqueror
erobern conquer
erobernd conquering
erobert conquers
eroberte conquered
eroberung conquest
eroberungen captures
eroertern argue
eroerternd arguing
eroertert argues
eroerterte argued
erosion erosion
erotik erotism
erpressen extort
erpressend extorting
erpresser racketeer
erpresst extorts
erpresste extorted
erpressung blackmail
erpressungen blackmails
erprobt tried
errechnet computes
erregen excite
erreichen attain
erreichend attaining
erreicht attains
erreichte attained
errichten erect
errichtend erecting
errichtet constitutes
errichtung erection
erroetend blushing
erroetet blushed
errors errors
errungenschaften acquisitions
ersatz reparation
erschaffend fabricating
erschallend pealing
erscheinen appear
erscheinend appearing
erscheint appears
erscheinung occurance
erscheinungen appearances
erschien appeared
erschlaegt slays
erschlagen slay
erschlagend slaying
erschoepfen exhaust
erschoepfend exhausting
erschoepft exhausted
erschoepfung exhaustion
erschrecken horrify
erschreckend horrifying
erschreckt horrifies
erschreckte terrified
erschuettert shocked
erschuetterung concussion
erschuetterungen concussions
erschweren aggravate
erschwerend aggravating
erschwert aggravates
erschwerte aggravated
ersetzen substitute
ersetzend compensating
ersetzt compensates
erspaehen espy
erspaehend espying
erspaeht espies
erspaehte espyed
ersparnis savings
ersparnisse savings
erst foremost
erstanwender newusers
erstarren congeal
erstarrend congealing
erstarrt congeals
erstarrte congealed
erstarrung torpidity
erstaunen astonishment
erstaunend astonishing
erstaunt amazed
ersteigend mounting
erstellung building
ersticken smother
erstickend smothering
erstickt smothers
erstickte smothered
erstklassig first-class
erstrangig primarily
erstreben strive
ersuchen beseech
ersuchend beseeching
ersuchte besought
ertoent rings
ertraeglich tolerably
ertraegliche tolerable
ertrag yield
erwachen awake
erwachsen adult
erwachte awoke
erwaegen consider
erwaegend pondering
erwaegt considers
erwaehnend mentioning
erwaehnt mentioned
erwaehnung mention
erwaehnungen mentions
erwarten await
erwartend awaiting
erwartet awaited
erwartung expectation
erwartungen expectations
erweirtern extend
erweiterbar extensible
erweiterer enhancer
erweitern amplify
erweiternd amplifying
erweitert amplifies
erweiterte advanced
erweiterung extention
erweiterungen enhancements
erweiterungsfaehig expandable
erwerb acquisition
erwerber purchasers
erwidern retort
erwidert retorts
erwogen pondered
erworben acquired
erwuergen strangle
erwuergend strangling
erwuergt strangles
erwuergte strangled
erz ore
erzaehlen narrate
erzaehlend narrating
erzaehler narrator
erzaehlt narrates
erzaehlte narrated
erzaehlung narration
erzaehlungen narrations
erzeugen constitute
erzeugend causing
erzeuger generators
erzeugt creates
erzeugte engendered
erzeugung generation
erzieherin governess
erziehung breeding
erzuernend incensing
erzuernt incensed
erzwingen enforce
erzwingend enforcing
erzwingt enforces
erzwungen compelled
es it
escape escape
esel ass
essentiell essentially
essig vinegar
etappe hop
etat budget
etikett etiquette
etwas anything
eule owl
eulen owls
euter udder
eventuell maybe
ewig eternal
ewigkeit eternity
ewntnerven enervate
exakt minutely
exclusiv exclusively
exemplarisch exemplarily
existent existent
existenz existance
exkremente excrements
experiment experiment
experimente experiments
experimentell experimental
experimentierend experiencing
experimentiert experienced
experte expert
expertengremium braintrust
explodieren detonate
explodierend detonating
explodiert detonates
explodierte detonated
exponenten exponentials
exportierend exporting
exportierte exported
extrafein superfine
extrahiert extracted
extrakt extraction
extrakte extractions
extrem extreme
fREEWARE freeware
fabel fable
fabrik factory
fabrikat make
fabrikationen manufactures
fabrizieren fabricate
fabriziert fabricates
fach panel
fachleute experts
fackel torch
fackeln torches
fackelschein torchlight
fad stale
faden filament
fadennudeln vermicelli
fadenscheinig threadbare
faeden filaments
faehig able
faehigkeit ability
faehigkeiten abilities
faehre ferry
faehren ferries
faehrleute watermen
faehrmann waterman
faehrt navigates
faehrte track
faelle cases
faellig due
faellt drops
faelschen falsify
faelschend falsifying
faelscht falsifies
faelschung falsification
faelschungen falsifications
faengt captivates
faerben tinge
faerbend tinging
faerbt tinges
faerbung coloring
faerbungen colorings
faesschen keg
faesser barrels
faeuste fists
faeustling mitten
faeustlinge mittens
fahl livid
fahne ensign
fahnen ensigns
fahnenstange flagstaff
fahnenstangen flagstaffs
fahrad bicycle
fahren navigate
fahrgast passenger
fahrgeld carfare
fahrgestell undercarriage
fahrkarte ticket
fahrlaessigkeit negligence
fahrplan time-table
fahrrad bicycle
fahrraeder bicycles
fahrschein ticket
fahrscheine tickets
fahrspur lane
fahrwerk undercarriage
fahrwerke undercarriages
fahrzeug vehicle
fahrzeug- automotive
fahrzeuge vehicles
fairness fairness
faktor factor
faktoren factors
falke falcon
falken falcons
fall- downstream
falle pitfall
fallen drop
fallend falling
fallobst windfall
fallschirm parachute
fallschirme parachutes
fallschirmspringer parachutist
falltuer trapdoor
falltueren trapdoors
falsch cattish
falschheit falsehood
falte fold
falter folder
faltet folds
falzend grooving
falzt grooves
familiaer familiar
familie family
familien families
fan bigot
fangen catch
fangend captivating
fans bigots
fantastisch fancifully
farad farads
farbe color
farben colors
farbig coloured
farbige colored
farblos colorless
farm farm
farmen ranches
farmer rancher
farn fern
fasan pheasant
fasane pheasants
faser fiber
faserig fibrous
fasern fibers
fass barrel
fassen grip
fast almost
faszinierend fascinating
faul lazily
faulenzen lounge
faulenzend lounging
faulenzer bum
faulenzt lounges
fauler lazier
faulheit sloth
faulste laziest
faust fist
faustschlaege fisticuffs
favorit favorite
febrizierte fabricated
februar february
feder feather
federbelastet spring-loaded
federhalter penholder
federn feathers
federnd resilient
fehlanpassung maladjustment
fehlanpassungen maladjustments
fehlbar fallible
fehlbetraege deficits
fehlbetrag deficit
fehlend missing
fehler blemish
fehlerfrei faultless
fehlerhaft erroneous
fehlerhafte failing
fehlerlos flawless
fehlerstelle flaw
fehlfunktion malfunction
fehlgehen astray
fehlgeleitet missent
fehlprogrammiert misprogramed
fehlschuss miss
fehlzuenden misfire
feier celebration
feierlich solemn
feierlichkeit ceremony
feierlichkeiten ceremonies
feiern celebrate
feiernd celebrating
feiert celebrates
feiertag holiday
feiertage feasts
feig craven
feigling coward
feilbieten prostitute
feilbietend prostituting
feilgeboten prostituted
feilschen haggle
feilschend haggling
feilscht haggles
feind enemy
feinde enemies
feindlich adverse
feindschaft enmities
feindselig hostile
feindseligkeit animosity
feinheit nicety
feinheiten niceties
feld array
felder arrays
feldzug campaign
felge rim
felgen rims
fell pelt
felle pelts
fels rock
felsen rock
felsig rockily
fenchel fennel
fenster window
fensterfluegel casement
fenstersims ledge
ferien vacation
fern afar
fern- remote
fernbleibend absenting
ferngeblieben absented
fernglas binocular
fernlehrgaenge telecourses
fernlehrgang telecourse
fernrohr telescope
fernrohre telescopes
fernschreiber teleprinter
fernsehen tv
fernseher televisor
fernsehsendung telecast
fertig readily
fertigen manufacture
fesseln enchain
fesselnd enchaining
fesselt enchains
fesselung ravishment
fest firm
festgelegt fixed
festgemacht tightened
festhaftend bonded
festhalten retain
festhaltend abiding
festigkeit firmness
festland continent
festlegend locating
festlich convivial
festlichkeit festivity
festlichkeiten festivities
festmachend tightening
festplatz fairground
feststehend stationary
feststellend noticing
fett bold
fettleibigkeit obesities
fettschrift boldface
fetzen frazzle
feucht damp
feuchtigkeit humidity
feuchtigkeiten moistures
feuchtkalt clammily
feuer fire
feuerfest fireproof
feuersicher flameproof
feuerstein flint
feuersteine flints
feurig fierily
fichte fir
fieber fever
fiebrig feverish
fiel fell
figuren figures
figuriert figured
film film
filter filters
filtern drain
filternd filtrating
filtert filtrates
finanz finance
finanz- finicial
finanziell financially
finanziert financed
finanzstark heeled
finden find
findend encountering
findet finds
findig resourceful
fing caught
finger finger
fingerarbeit fingertips
fingerhuete thimbles
fingerhut foxglove
fink finch
finster gauntly
finsternis darkness
firmen- corporate
fisch fish
fischbein whalebone
fische fishes
fischend fishing
fischer fisherman
fischerei fishery
fischmilch milt
fixieren locate
fixierend fixing
fixiert fixes
flach flat
flachheit flatness
flachs flax
flackern flare
flackernd flaring
flackert flares
flackerte flickered
flaeschchen phial
flagge flag
flamme blaze
flammen flame
flankiert flanks
flankierte flanked
flansch flange
flanschkupplung half-coupling
flasche bottle
flaschen bottles
flattern flutter
flatternd fluttering
flattert flutters
flaum fluff
flechte lichen
flechten wattle
fleck speck
flecken specks
fleckig patchy
fledermaeuse bats
flegel churl
flegelhaft boorish
flehend praying
fleisch meat
fleischbruehe broth
fleischfressend carnivorous
fleischig beefily
fleischlich carnal
fleischwolf mincer
fleiss diligence
fleissig diligent
flexibilitaet flexibility
flicken botch
flickt botches
flieder lilac
fliege fly
fliegen fly
fliegend winging
fliegt flies
fliehend fleeing
fliehgewicht flyweight
fliehkraft- centrifugal
fliessen flow
fliessend floating
fliesst flows
flink nimble
flirt flirtation
flirten flirt
flirtend flirting
flirtet flirts
flirts flirtations
flittchen hussies
flitterwochen honeymoon
flocke flake
flocken flakes
flockige flaky
floehe fleas
floesse rafts
floete flute
floeten flutes
flog flew
floh flea
floss float
flosse fin
flossen fins
flotten navies
fluch curse
flucht escape
fluchten align
flueche curses
fluechtend resorting
fluechtet resorts
fluechtig flighty
fluechtling refugee
fluechtlinge refugees
fluege flights
fluegel wings
fluesse rivers
fluessig fluid
fluessigkeit liquor
fluessigkeiten liquids
fluestern whisper
fluesternd whispering
fluestert whispers
flug flight
flughafen airport
flugzeug aeroplane
flugzeuge aeroplanes
flugzeughalle hangar
flugzeughallen hangars
flunder flounder
fluss flow
flusspferd hippopotamus
flut flow
flut- tidal
flutlicht floodlight
foerderer conveyor
foerdern lift
foerdernd promoting
foerdert promotes
foerderung delivery
foerderungen furtherances
foermlich formerly
foermlichkeit formality
foermlichkeiten formalities
foerster woodman
fohlen foal
folge suite
folgen ensue
folgend ensuing
folgerichtig consistent
folgern infer
folgernd inferring
folgert infers
folgerung implication
folgerungen inferences
folgt ensues
folternd torturing
foltert tortures
fordern postulate
fordernd postulating
fordert postulates
forderung demand
forelle trout
formatierend formating
formatiert formated
formatierung formatting
formel formula
formell formal
formeln formulas
formend sculpturing
formfeeds formfeeds
formlos informal
formlosigkeit informality
formt forms
formulieren formulate
formulierend formulating
formuliert formulated
forsch brisk
forschen research
forschend questing
forscher researcher
forscht quests
forschung research
fortbewegung locomotion
fortgefahren proceeded
fortgeschritten preceded
fortgesetzt continually
fortlaufend consecutively
fortlaufende consecutive
fortschreiten advance
fortschreitend advancing
fortschritt advance
fortschritte proceedings
fortschrittlich progressive
fortsetzen continue
fortsetzend proceeding
fortsetzung continuation
fortsetzungen continuations
fortwaehrend continual
fotografie photograph
fracht cargo
frachtvertraege charters
fraeulein miss
frage query
fragebogen questionaire
fragen ask
fragend asking
fragesteller questioner
fraglich questionable
fraglos unquestionable
fragt asks
fragwuerdig questionably
frankreich france
franzoesisch french
franzose frenchman
fratze grimace
fratzen grimaces
frau wife
frauen wives
fraulich wifelily
frech cheeky
frecher cheekier
frechheit effrontery
frechheiten effronteries
frechste cheekiest
frei free
freigeben deallocate
freigebend releasing
freigebig bounteously
freigebigkeit munificence
freigebigkeiten munificences
freigesprochen acquitted
freigiebigkeit bounty
freihand- freehand
freiheit freedom
freiheiten freedoms
freimachen disengage
freimuetig outspoken
freisprechen acquit
freisprechend acquitting
freispruch acquittal
freitag friday
freitage fridays
freiwillig voluntarily
freiwillige volunteers
freiwilliger volunteer
freizuegigkeit liberality
fremd foreign
fremdartige unfamiliar
fremde strange
fremder alien
frequenz frequency
frequenzen frequencies
fressen guzzle
fressend guzzling
freude fun
freuden enjoyments
freudenfest whoopee
freudenfeste whoopees
freudenfeuer bonfire
freudig glad
freudlos cheerless
freund boyfriend
freunde friends
freundin girlfriend
freundlich befriending
freundlichkeit cheerfulness
freundschaft amity
freundschaften amities
freundschaftlich amicable
friede peace
friedhoefe cemeteries
friedhof cementery
friedlich peaceable
frisch dewy
frische freshness
frischer dewier
frischste dewiest
friseur barber
friseure coiffeurs
frisst guzzles
frist reprieve
fristen respites
froehlich happily
froehlichkeit gaiety
froehlichkeiten mirths
froesche frogs
froestelnd shivery
froh glad
frohlocken exult
frohlockend exulting
frohlockt exults
frohlockte exulted
fromm pious
frosch frog
frost frost
frostbeule chilblain
frostbeulen chilblains
frostig chilly
frtageboegen questionaires
frucht fruit
fruchtbar fecund
fruchtbarkeit fertility
fruechte fruits
frueh early
frueher anterior
fruehere former
fruehling spring
fruehreif premature
fruehstueck breakfast
frustration frustration
frustriert dissatisfied
fuchs fox
fuchs- vulpine
fuchsartig foxy
fuchsie fuchsia
fuchsien fuchsias
fuechse foxes
fuehlbar palpable
fuehlen feel
fuehlend sensing
fuehler tentacle
fuehlt feels
fuehlte felt
fuehren guide
fuehrend guiding
fuehrer captains
fuehrerschein driving-license
fuehrt leads
fuehrungen guidances
fuelle fullness
fuellen brimmed
fuellend filling
fueller fillers
fuellt fills
fuellungen stuffings
fuenf five
fuenffach quintuple
fuenfte fifth
fuenfzehn fifteen
fuenfzehnte fifteenth
fuenfzig fifty
fuenfzigste fiftieth
fuer for
fuerbitte intercession
fuerbitten intercessions
fuerchten fear
fuerchtend fearing
fuerchterlich dreadful
fuerchtet fears
fuerwort pronoun
fuesse feet
fuettern feat
fuetterte feeded
fuhr drove
fuhrleute carters
fuhrmann carter
fundament footing
fundamente basements
fungfrau virgin
funkeln scintillate
funkelnd scintillating
funkelt scintillates
funkelte scintillated
funktion function
funktionell functionally
funktionen functions
funktionierend functioning
funktionsfaehig operative
funktionsgemaess functional
funktionsweise functionality
furche furrow
furchen furrows
furcht dread
furchtbar dreadful
furchtlos dauntless
furchtsam fearful
furnier veneer
furniere veneers
furnierend veneering
furnierte veneered
fuss foot
fussball football
fussballspieler kicker
fussboden floor
fussboeden floors
fusseln fuzz
fusselnd fuzzing
fusselt fuzzes
fussgaenger pedestrian
fussnote footnote
fussweg footpath
fusszeile footer
fusszeilen footers
futter fodder
gab gave
gabe gift
gabel fork
gabelfruehstueck lunch
gabeln forks
gaben donations
gaeergert galled
gaehnen gape
gaehnend gaping
gaehnt gapes
gaense geese
gaensebluemchen daisies
gaenserich gander
gaenzlich wholly
gaertner gardener
gaerung fermentation
gaeste guests
gaestezimmer guestroom
gala- fulldress
galerie gallery
galgen gallows
galle bile
gallone gallon
gameport gameport
gang gait
gangster bandit
gans goose
ganz quite
ganze whole
ganzzahlen integers
garage garage
garagen garages
garantie warranty
garantieen guaranties
garantien guarantees
garantieren guarantee
garantierend guaranting
garantiert guaranted
garderobe warderobe
garderoben warderobes
garnieren garnish
garnierend garnishing
garniert garnishes
garnierte garnished
garstig nasty
garten garden
gartenarbeit gardening
gartenbau horticulture
gartenweg garden-path
gasfoermige gaseous
gassenjunge ragamuffin
gassenjungen ragamuffins
gast guest
gastfreundschaft hospitality
gasthaeuser taverns
gasthaus tavern
gasthoefe inns
gasthof inn
gasvergiftet gassed
gatte husband
gatten spouses
gattin wife
gaumen palate
gauner knaves
gaunerei knavery
gaunereien knaveries
gaze gauze
geachtet esteemed
geaechtete outlaws
geaechteter outlaw
geaendert altered
geaergert fretted
geaeussert uttered
geantwortet answered
gearbeitet operated
geartet mannered
gebacken baked
gebadet bathed
gebaeck pastry
gebaendigt subdued
gebaermutter uterus
gebaeude building
geballt cumulative
gebastelt tinkered
gebaut built
geben give
gebend giving
gebet prayer
gebieterisch authoritative
gebildet educated
gebilligt approved
gebinde wreath
gebissen bitten
geblaese blower
geblasen blown
gebleicht bleached
geblendet dazzled
geblieben abode
geblinkt blinked
geblutet bled
gebogen bent
gebootet booted
geboren born
geborgen salvaged
gebot commandment
gebote commandments
geboten bade
gebracht brought
gebraeu concoction
gebraeuchlich useable
gebraeunt tanned
gebrannt blazed
gebrauchen disusenichtmehr
gebraucht uses
gebraust blustered
gebraut brewed
gebrochen refracted
gebrochene broken
gebruellt bellowed
gebruetet hatched
gebuehr tax
gebuendelt bundled
gebuergt bailed
gebuerstet brushed
gebuesch shrubbery
gebuesche shrubberies
gebuesst atoned
gebummelt strolled
gebumst thumped
gebunden bound
geburt birth
geburten nativities
geburts- natal
geburtshilfe midwifery
geburtshilfen midwiferies
geburtstag birthday
geburtstage birthdays
geburtswehen throes
gecached cached
gedacht thought
gedaechtnis memory
gedaechtnisse memories
gedaempft muted
gedampft steamed
gedanke thought
gedankenlos thoughtless
gedankenstrich dash
gedankenvoll pensive
gedankt thanked
gedauert lasted
gedehnt stretched
gedeihen prosper
gedeihend thriving
gedeiht thrives
gedemuetigt humbled
gedicht ode
gedichte odes
gediehen thrived
gedient conduced
gedoest snoozed
gedonnert thundered
gedraenge throng
gedraengt terse
gedreht revolved
gedroht impended
gedruckt printed
gedrueckt depressed
geduerstet thirsted
geduld patience
geduldig patient
geduscht douched
geehrt honored
geehrte revered
geeicht gauged
geeignet apt
geeilt hasted
geeitert suppurated
geerbt inherited
geernted harvested
gefaehrden endanger
gefaehrdend endangering
gefaehrdet endangered
gefaehrdete imperiled
gefaehrlich dangerous
gefaehrte companion
gefaellig complaisant
gefaelligkeit complaisance
gefaelligkeiten complaisances
gefaellt pleased
gefaelscht falsified
gefaengnis jail
gefaengnisse jails
gefaerbt coloured
gefaess vessel
gefaesse vessels
gefahr danger
gefahren navigated
gefallen dropped
gefallend pleasing
gefaltet folded
gefaltete fold
gefalzt grooved
gefangen trapped
gefangene captured
gefangener prisoner
gefangenschaft captivity
gefangenschaften captivities
gefaulenzt lounged
gefeiert celebrated
gefeilscht haggled
gefesselt enchained
gefieder plumage
gefiedert feathered
gefiltert filtrated
gefischt fished
geflackert flared
geflattert fluttered
gefleckt mottled
geflirtet flirted
geflogen flown
geflohen fleed
geflossen flowed
gefluechtet resorted
gefluegel fowl
gefluester whisper
gefluestert whispered
gefoerdert sponsored
gefolgert inferred
gefolgt ensued
gefoltert tortured
gefordert postulated
geformt formed
geforscht quested
gefraessig gluttonous
gefraessigkeiten voracities
gefragt asked
gefressen guzzled
gefroren freezed
gefuehl emotion
gefuehle emotions
gefuehllos emotionless
gefuehlsmaessig emotional
gefuehlvoll lyrical
gefuehrt guided
gefuellt filled
gefuellte stuffed
gefuerchtet feared
gefuettert fed
gefunden finding
gefunkelt sparkled
gefusselt fuzzed
gegabelt forked
gegaehnt gaped
gegangen gone
gegeaehnt yawned
gegeben given
gegebene donated
gegen against
gegend region
gegenden districts
gegenleistung consideration
gegenseite opposition
gegenseitig mutual
gegenseitigkeit reciprocity
gegenstand object
gegenstueck analogue
gegenstuecke counterparts
gegenteil opposite
gegenueber opposite
gegenuebergestellt confronted
gegenueberliegend oppositely
gegenueberstellen confront
gegenueberstellend confronting
gegenwaertig presently
gegenwart presence
geglaettet sleeked
geglaubt believed
geglitten glided
geglitzert glinted
gegner adversaries
gegossen poured
gegraben digged
gegraupelt sleeted
gegrenzt abutted
gegriffen gripped
gegrillt broiled
gegrinst smirked
gegruebelt mused
gegruendet based
gegruesst greeted
gegrunzt grunted
geguertet girt
gegurgelt gurgled
gehackt hacked
gehaelter stipends
gehaengt gibbeted
gehaertet hardened
gehaeuft heaped
gehaeutet skinned
gehalt salary
gehalten held
gehaltlos inane
gehandelt agitated
gehandhabt managed
geharkt raked
gehasst hated
gehastet bustled
geheftet tacked
geheiligt hallowed
geheilt healed
geheim occult
geheimmittel nostrum
geheimnis mystery
geheimnisse mysteries
geheimnisvoll mysterious
geheiratet married
gehemmt trigged
gehen go
gehend going
geherrscht dominated
gehetzt badgered
geheuchelt feigned
gehilfe helpmate
gehilfen helpmates
gehindert embarrassed
gehinkt limped
gehirn brains
gehoben hewed
gehoeft farmstead
gehoefte farmsteads
gehoelz grove
gehoelze groves
gehoeren appertain
gehoerend appertaining
gehoert appertains
gehoerte appertained
geholfen aided
geholt fetched
gehorchend obeying
gehorcht harked
gehorchte obeied
gehorsam obedient
geht goes
gehuepft frisked
gehungert famished
gehweg pavement
gehwege pavements
geier vulture
geige fiddle
geigen fiddles
geiger fiddler
geimpft vaccinated
geisel hostage
geiseln hostages
geist ghost
geister spirits
geisterhaft ghostly
geistesabwesend absent-minded
geistesblitz brainwave
geistesschwach imbecile
geistig mental
geistlicher clergyman
geistlos spiritless
geistvoll spirited
geiz avarice
geizhaelse niggards
geizhals miser
geizig avaricious
geizkragen misers
gejagt hounded
gejault yipped
gejuckt itched
gekachelt tiled
gekaempft struggled
gekauert cowered
gekaut chawed
gekeift jangled
gekeimt germed
gekentert capsized
gekerbt nicked
gekeucht gasped
gekichert chuckled
gekippt tilted
gekittet puttied
gekitzelt tickled
geklaeff yelp
geklaert cleared
geklagt complained
geklammert clasped
geklappert clattered
geklatscht clapped
gekleidet clad
geklemmt jammed
geklettert clambered
geklimpert thrummed
geklingelt jingled
geklopft tapped
geklungen clinkered
geknackt cracked
geknebelt gagged
geknetet kneaded
geknied kneeled
gekniet knelt
gekniffen nipped
geknirscht gnashed
geknotet knotted
geknurrt growled
geknutschte petted
gekocht boiled
gekochte cooked
gekoedert decoyed
gekoepft decapitated
gekoernt granulated
gekrabbelt scrabbled
gekraechzt cawed
gekraeftigt innervated
gekraeht crowed
gekraenkt aggrieved
gekratzt scraped
gekreischt shrieked
gekreist gyrated
gekritzelt scrawled
gekrochen crawled
gekruemelt crumbed
gekruemmt humped
gekuehlt refrigerated
gekuerzt abridged
gekuesst kissed
gekuppelt pimped
gekuschelt snuggled
gelacht laughed
geladen charged
gelaechelt simpered
gelaechter guffaw
gelaehmt palsied
gelaender balustrade
gelaermt fussed
gelaeut peal
gelaeutet knolled
gelage carousal
gelassen unperturbed
gelauert lurked
gelaufen trended
gelb yellow
gelblich yellowish
gelbsucht jaundice
geld money
geld- monetary
geldgeber investor
geldschrank safe
geldstueck coin
gelee jelly
geleert depleted
gelees jellies
gelegenheit chance
gelegenheiten chances
gelegentlich casual
gelegt lied
gelehnt leaned
gelehrig docile
gelehrigkeit docility
gelehrt erudite
gelehrte bookish
gelehrter savant
geleimt glued
geleit convoy
geleitet conducted
geleitzuege convoys
gelenk hinge
gelernt learnt
gelesen readed
geleugnet disclaimed
geliebt beloved
geliebte lady-love
geliehen borrowed
gelierend jellying
geliert jellied
gelindert allayed
gelingt succeed
gelispelt lisped
gelitten suffered
gelockert limbered
gelockt enticed
geloeffelt spooned
geloescht blanked
geloest detached
geloetet soldered
gelohnt remunerated
gelyncht lynched
gemacht made
gemaechlich leisurely
gemaeht mowed
gemaelde paintings
gemaess pursuant
gemaessigt moderated
gemaestet crammed
gemahlen milled
gemahnt dunned
gemalt painted
gemartert martyred
gemausert molted
gemaust pilfered
gemein rascally
gemeinden communities
gemeinheit baseness
gemeinheiten basenesses
gemeinsam common
gemeinschaft community
gemeinschaften corporations
gemeldet notified
gemessen measured
gemieden eschewed
gemietet leased
gemildert mitigated
gemindert impaired
gemisch medley
gemische miscellanies
gemischt blent
gemischte miscellanous
gemolken milked
gemuese vegetable
gemuetlich comfortable
gemurmelt mumbled
gemustert patterned
genaehert approached
genaehrte nourished
genaeht needled
genagt gnawed
genannt called
genau accurate
genauigkeit accuracy
geneckt bantered
genehmigen approve
genehmigung approval
geneigt inclined
geneppt vamped
generationen generations
generator generator
genesen convalesce
genesung convalescence
genial ingenious
genialitaet ingenuity
genie genius
genies wizzes
geniesst sneezed
genippt sipped
genistet nestled
genoergelt nagged
genommen kept
genuegen suffice
genuegend sufficient
genuegt suffices
genuegte sufficed
genuetzt profitted
genug enough
genugtuung satisfaction
genuss gender
geoeffnet opened
geografisch geographic
geometrie geometry
geopfert sacrificed
geordert ordered
geordnet classified
gepackt grappled
gepaeck baggage
gepaecktraeger porter
gepaeckwagen baggagecar
gepafft whiffed
gepanzert ironclad
geparkt parked
gepatcht patched
gepeitscht flogged
gependelt shuttled
gepfiffen whistled
gepflanzt planted
gepflastert paved
gepflegt fostered
gepflegte cherished
gepfuscht fudged
geplagt bothered
geplanscht swashed
geplant projected
geplappert jabbered
geplatscht plashed
geplatzt bursted
geplaudert nattered
gepluendert harried
gepraegt minted
geprahlt boasted
gepresst huddled
geprobt rehearsed
geprueft examined
gepruegelt thrashed
gepuffert buffered
geputzt furbished
gequaelt smitten
gequaelte agonized
gequakt quacked
gequetscht squished
gequiekt squeaked
gequollen welled
gerade even
geradewegs straight
geradlinig linearly
geraecht avenged
geraekelt lolled
geraet device
geraete devices
geraeucherte cured
geraeumig capacious
geraeumt evacuated
geraeusch noise
geraeusche noises
geraeuschlos noiseless
geraeuschvoll noisy
geraschelt rustled
geraspelt rasped
gerasselt rattled
gerast raved
geraten advised
geraubt raped
geraucht reeked
gerauft scuffled
gerber tanner
gerberei tannery
gerbereien tanneries
gerechnet computed
gerechtigkeit justice
geregelt regulated
geregnet rained
gereift matured
gereiht ranked
gereimt rhymed
gereinigt cleaned
gereinitg scoured
gereist toured
gereizt excited
gerettet rescued
gerichtet directed
gerichtlich judicial
gerieben chafed
geringer minor
geringfuegig pettily
geringfuegigst minimally
geringschaetzig contemptuous
geringste least
gerippe scrag
gerissen shiftily
gerochen smelt
gerodelt tobogganed
geroell bolder
geroestet parched
geroetet reddened
gerollt rolled
gerostet oxidized
gerste barley
geruch odor
geruchlos scentless
geruchs- olfactory
gerudert sculled
gerueche odors
geruecht rumor
geruechte rumors
geruehmt vaunted
geruehrt stired
geruest scaffold
gerueste scaffolds
geruhen condescend
geruhend condescending
geruht condescends
geruhte condescended
gerumpelt rumbled
gerundet rounded
gerunzelt wrinkled
gesackt sagged
gesaenge chants
gesaess buttocks
gesaettigt sated
gesaeuert soured
gesalzen salted
gesammelt collected
gesamt total
gesamt- over-all
gesamtheit entirety
gesamtheiten totalities
gesandt posted
gesang chant
gesaugt sucked
geschadet harmed
geschaedigt mared
geschaeft business
geschaefte bargains
geschaeftsinhaber shopkeeper
geschaeftsleute tradesmen
geschaeftsmann businessman
geschaelt hulled
geschaerft sharpened
geschaetzt appraised
geschaeumt foamed
geschaffen created
geschah happened
geschaltet switched
geschaudert shivered
geschaufelt scooped
geschaukelt dandled
geschehen happen
geschehend happening
geschenk present
geschenkkoerbe hampers
geschenkkorb hamper
gescherzt froliced
geschichte history
geschichten tales
geschick skill
geschickt neatly
geschieht happens
geschildert depicted
geschimpft inveighed
geschlachtet slaughtered
geschlaengelt wormed
geschlafen nodded
geschlagen battered
geschlecht sex
geschlechter sexes
geschlechtlich sexual
geschlechts- venereal
geschlechtslos neuterly
geschlendert roamed
geschleppt hauled
geschleudert flung
geschlichen skulked
geschlitzt slitted
geschlossen closed
geschlossenheit closeness
geschluchzt sobbed
geschluckt swallowed
geschluepft slipt
geschlummert slumbered
geschlurft scuffed
geschmack flavor
geschmacklos flavorless
geschmackvoll tasteful
geschmeckt smacked
geschmeichelt coaxed
geschmeidig lithe
geschmerzt ached
geschmiert lubricated
geschmollt pouted
geschmolzen liquefied
geschmort stewed
geschmueckt decorated
geschmuggelt smuggled
geschnappt nabbed
geschnarcht snored
geschnattert cackled
geschneidert tailored
geschneit snowed
geschnibbelt whittled
geschnippt snipped
geschnueffelt sniffed
geschnurrt purred
geschoben shoved
gescholten chid
geschoss missile
geschosse missiles
geschossen shooted
geschraubt screwed
geschrei clamor
geschrieben typed
geschrieen cried
geschrien vociferated
geschritten treaded
geschrumpft shrivelled
geschruppt scrubbed
geschuettelt shaken
geschuetzt protected
geschuetzte protective
geschuftet slaved
geschuldet owed
geschultert shouldered
geschwaecht debilitated
geschwaermt swarmed
geschwaerzte blackend
geschwaetz flubdub
geschwaetzig loquacious
geschwaetzt prated
geschwankt fluctuated
geschwatzt blabbed
geschweisst welded
geschwelt smouldered
geschwindelt swindled
geschwindigkeit celerity
geschwindigkeiten celerities
geschwirrt twanged
geschwitzt perspired
geschwoert sweared
geschwollen turgid
geschworen vowed
geschworene jurors
geschworener juror
geschwuer ulcer
geschwuere ulcers
geschwunden dwindled
gescrollt scrolled
gesegelt sailed
gesehen looked
gesehnt longed
gesellig sociable
gesellschaft society
gesellschaften companionships
gesendet sent
gesengt singed
gesetz law
gesetze laws
gesetzlich lawful
gesetzlos lawless
gesetzt seated
geseufzt sighed
gesichert backed
gesicht face
gesichtswinkel viewpoint
gesickert oozed
gesiebt sieved
gesiedet seethed
gesiegelt sealed
gesindel vermins
gesoegt sawn
gesorgt worryed
gespalten cleaved
gespaltet cloven
gespannt tense
gespasst jested
gespeichert saved
gespeist dined
gespenst spectre
gespenstisch ghostlike
gesperrt barricided
gespickt spiked
gespiegelt mirrored
gespielt played
gesplittert splinted
gesponnen spinned
gespottet flouted
gespraech conversation
gespraechig chatty
gespreizt straddled
gespritzt spattered
gesprochen spoken
gesprudelt sputtered
gesprueht drizzled
gesprungen bounced
gespuelt swilled
gespuert sensed
gespult spooled
gespurtet sprinted
gestaendnis confession
gestaenge linkage
gestaerkt strengthened
gestalt figure
gestalten shapes
gestaltung formation
gestammelte babbled
gestampft stomped
gestanden confessed
gestank stench
gestapelt stacked
gestarrt gazed
gestartet started
gestatten grant
gestattend granting
gestattet grants
geste gesture
gestehend confessing
gesteht confesses
gestell rack
gestelle racks
gestelzt stilted
gestempelte stamped
gesten gestures
gestern yesterday
gesteuert steered
gestiegen rised
gestimmt voted
gestochen jabbed
gestoehnt moaned
gestoert troubled
gestoerte perturbed
gestohlen thieved
gestolen stolen
gestolpert stumbled
gestopft plugged
gestossen bumped
gestottert stammered
gestraeubt bristled
gestrahlt beamed
gestrandet aground
gestreckt racked
gestreifte striped
gestrickt knitted
gestritten contended
gestruepp brushwood
gestuerzt overturned
gesucht seeked
gesuchte searched
gesuendigt sinned
gesund healthy
gesundet convalesces
gesundheit health
gesundheits- sanitary
gesundheitspflege sanitation
getadelt animadverted
getaeuscht deceived
getaeuschte beguiled
getankt refueled
getastet groped
getaucht dived
getauft baptized
getauscht bartered
getaut dewed
geteert tarred
geteilt apportioned
getestet tested
getickt ticked
getobt rioted
getoese bluster
getoetet killed
getorkelt lurched
getraellert trolled
getraenk beverage
getraenke beverages
getraenkt imbued
getraeumt dreamt
getragen beared
getrampt tramped
getratscht tattled
getrauert mourned
getreide cereal
getrennt apart
getrickst tricked
getriebe gear
getrieben drifted
getrillert quavered
getrippelt tripped
getrocknet dried
getroedelt dallied
getroepfelt dripped
getroestet solaced
getrommelt drummed
getropft seeped
getrottet jogged
getruebt tarnished
getrunken drunk
geuebt exercised
geurteilt judged
gewachsen grown
gewachst waxed
gewacht waked
gewackelt tottered
gewaechshaus greenhouse
gewaehlt dialed
gewaehlte chosen
gewaehren deign
gewaehrend deigning
gewaehrleistung warrantee
gewaehrt deigns
gewaehrte deigned
gewaender garbs
gewaesser waters
gewagt dared
gewahrsam ward
gewalt force
gewalten mights
gewaltig vast
gewaltsam forcible
gewalttaetigkeiten outrages
gewalttaetikeit outrage
gewand garb
gewandert flitted
gewandt adroit
gewandtheit dexterity
gewankt staggered
gewarnt warned
gewartet waited
gewaschen washed
gewatschelt shambled
gewebe texture
gewebt weaved
gewechselt bandied
geweckt roused
gewehr gun
gewehre guns
geweht wafted
geweint weeped
geweisst whitewashed
gewelkt wilted
gewellt waved
gewellte curly
gewerkschaftler unionist
gewesen been
gewetteifert vied
gewettert fulminated
gewettet betted
gewetzt whetted
gewicht heft
gewichte hefts
gewidmet devoted
gewimmelt teemed
gewimmert whimpered
gewinde thread
gewinkelt angled
gewinn asset
gewinnbringend gainfully
gewinne winnings
gewinnen extract
gewinnend gaining
gewinner winner
gewinnt gains
gewippt seesawed
gewirbelt swirled
gewischt mopped
gewiss certainly
gewissen conscience
gewissenhaft conscientious
gewissenhaftigkeit consciousness
gewissenlos unprincipled
gewissensbisse remorse
gewitter tempest
gewittert scented
gewoehnen customize
gewoehnend inuring
gewoehnlich conveniently
gewoehnt accustomed
gewoehnte inured
gewoehnung customization
gewoelbe vault
gewoelbt arched
gewogen weighted
gewogt surged
gewohnheit custom
gewohnheiten customs
gewohnt dwelt
gewohnte habitual
gewonnen gained
geworfen flinged
gewrungen mangled
gewuenscht desired
gewuergt choked
gewuerz spice
gewuerzt flavored
gewuetet raged
gewunden sinuous
gewundert wondered
gezaehlt counted
gezaehmt tamed
gezankt bickered
gezappelt flounced
gezaubert widget
gezecht tippled
gezeichnet designed
gezeigt evinced
gezeiten tide
gezerrt jerked
gezeugt begotten
gezimmert timbered
gezischt fizzed
gezittert quivered
gezoegert tarried
gezogen pulled
gezuckt shrugged
gezuechtigt castigated
gezupft twitched
gezwickt tweaked
gezwinkert winked
gezwitschert twittered
gezwungen coerced
gibt gives
gier greed
gierig avid
giessen cast
giessend pouring
giesserei foundry
giesskanne watering-can
gift poison
gifte poisons
giftig poisonous
giftstoff toxin
giftstoffe toxins
ging walked
gingen went
gipfel acme
gipfeln culminate
gipfelnd culminating
gipfelt culminates
gipfelte culminated
girlande festoon
girlanden festoons
gitarre guitar
gitarren guitars
gitter grid
glaenzend brilliant
glaenzender brillianter
glaenzenste brilliantest
glaesern glassy
glaette sleekness
glaettend sleeking
glaettet sleeks
glaeubige believers
glaeubiger believer
glanz brilliance
glas glass
glaser glazier
glasieren glaze
glasuren glazes
glatt glibby
glatter slicker
glaube estimation
glauben belief
glaubend believing
glaubhaft believable
glaubt believes
glaubwuerdig credible
gleich equal
gleichbedeutend tantamount
gleichen resemble
gleichend resembling
gleichfoermig equable
gleichfoermigkeit uniformity
gleichfoermigkeiten uniformities
gleichgemacht equalized
gleichgewicht balance
gleichgueltig incurious
gleichgueltigkeit indifference
gleichheit equality
gleichheitszeichen equals
gleichmachen equalize
gleichmachend equalizing
gleichmaessig even
gleichnis parable
gleichnisse parables
gleichsam quasi
gleicht resembles
gleichwertig equivalent
gleichwertige equivalents
gleichzeitig coeval
gleiten float
gleitend gliding
gleitet glides
gletscher glacer
glich resembled
glied limb
glieder limbs
glitzern glint
glitzernd glinting
glitzert glints
glitzerte glittered
global global
glocke bell
glockentuerme belfries
glockenturm belfry
glossen glosses
glotzen goggle
glotzend goggling
glotzt goggles
glotzte goggled
glueck luck
gluecklich felicitous
gluecklicherweise luckily
gluecksfaelle lucks
glueckwunsch congratulation
gluehbirne bulb
gluehen glow
gluehend glowing
glueht glows
gluehte glowed
glut fervency
gnaedig gracious
gnom gnome
gnome gnomes
gobelin tapestry
goettin goddes
goettlich divine
gold gold
golden golden
goldklumpen nugget
golf gulf
golfe gulfs
gosse gutter
gossen gutters
gott god
gottheit deity
gottheiten deities
gottlos godless
grab grave
graben burrow
grabend digging
grabstein tombstone
grabsteine tombstones
grad deg
gradation gradation
graeben ditches
graeber sepulchers
graebt digs
graeser grasses
graesslich dire
grafik graphic
grafiken graphics
grafisch graphical
grafschaft county
gram grief
gramm gramme
grammatik grammar
grapscht grabs
gras grass
grasnarben sods
grat ridge
grate spines
gratulieren congratulate
gratulierend congratulating
gratuliert congratulates
gratulierte congratulated
grau gray
graubaer grizzly
graubaeren grizzlies
graupeln sleet
graupelnd sleeting
graupelt sleets
grausam cruel
grausamkeit cruelty
grausamkeiten cruelties
graven grave
greifbar tangible
greifen snatch
greifend snatching
greift gripes
greisenalter senility
grell garish
grenze boundary
grenzen abut
grenzend abutting
grenzenlos boundless
grenzstein landmark
grenzsteine landmarks
grenzt abuts
griechisch greek
griff grasp
griffel pen
grill barbecue
grillen broil
grillend broiling
grillt broils
grimm fierceness
grimmig fierce
grinsen smirk
grinsend grinning
grinst grins
grinste grinned
grippe influenza
grob coarse
groesse bulk
groessen magnitudes
groesser bigger
groesste biggest
grog toddy
grogs toddies
groll dudgeon
gross big
grossartig excellent
grossbuchstaben capitals
grosseltern grandparents
grossgeschrieben capitalized
grosshaendler wholesaler
grosshandel wholesale
grossmuetig magnanimous
grossmut generosity
grossmutter grandmother
grossschrift capitalization
grossvater grandfather
grosszuegig bounteous
grotte grotto
grotten grottoes
grub graved
grube pit
gruben pits
gruebeln muse
gruebelnd musing
gruebelt muses
gruen green
gruende reasons
gruendend basing
gruender founder
gruendlich radical
gruendung foundation
gruendungen foundations
gruenschnabel sapling
gruenschnaebel saplings
gruenspan verdigris
gruesse greetings
gruessen greet
gruessend greeting
gruesst greets
grund ground
grundbesitz realty
grundbesitzungen realties
grundlagen fundamentals
grundlegend basically
grundlinie baseline
grundlos baseless
grundplatte bedplate
grundsaetze maxims
grundsaetzlich categorical
grundsatz maxim
grunzen grunt
grunzend grunting
grunzt grunts
gruppe group
gruppen groups
gruppierend grouping
gruppiert grouped
gruss salutation
gueltig valid
gueltigkeit validity
gueltigkeiten validities
gueltigkeitspruefung validation
guenstig favorable
guenstling minion
guenstlinge minions
guertel belt
guete gentleness
gueter goods
gueterzug freighttrain
gulasch goulash
gummi gum
gummis rubbers
gunst favor
gurgeln gargle
gurgelnd gargling
gurgelt gurgles
gurgelte gargled
gurke cucumber
gurken gherkins
gurt girth
gurtbaender webbings
gurtband webbing
gurte girths
gussteil casting
gut fine
gutachter censor
gutartig good-natured
gutaussehend handsome
hOME home
hOT hot
hZ hz
haar hair
haarbuerste hairbrush
haare hairs
haarig hairily
haarlos hairless
haarnadel hairpin
haarnadeln hairpins
haarschnitt haircut
haarstraeubend bloodcurdling
haben have
habgier cupidities
habicht hawk
habichte hawks
hacke hoe
hacken hack
hackend hacking
hackmesser chopper
hackt hacks
haefen harbors
haeftling prisoner
haeftlinge prisoners
haehne cocks
haelfte half
haelften halves
haelse necks
haelt holds
haemmer hammers
haemmernd hammering
haende hands
haendeschuetteln handshake
haendler dealer
haenge hillsides
haengematte hammock
haengematten hammocks
haengen hang
haengend gibbeting
haengt gibbets
haerte hardness
haerten harden
haertend hardening
haerter harder
haerteste hardest
haertet hardens
haesslich nasty
haesslicher uglier
haesslichste ugliest
haeufen heap
haeufend heaping
haeufig frequent
haeuft heapes
haeuschen lodge
haeuser houses
haeuslich domestic
haeute skins
hafen harbor
haferflocken oatmeal
haft arrest
haften adhere
haftend adhering
haftet adheres
hagebutte haw
hagebutten haws
hagel hail
hagelschauer hailstorm
hahn cock
hai shark
haie sharks
haken hook
hakend hooking
hakig hooky
hakt hooks
hakte hooked
halb half
halb- semi
halbieren bisect
halbierend halving
halbiert halved
halbinsel peninsula
halbinseln peninsulas
halbkugel hemispheres
halbstarke mods
half helped
halle hall
hallo hello
hals neck
halsband collar
halsbunde neckbands
halschheit falseness
halskette necklace
halsketten necklaces
halstuch neckerchief
halstuecher neckerchiefs
halt halt
haltbar tenable
halte- retaining
haltegurt tether
halten hold
haltend holding
halter holder
haltung attitude
haltungen attitudes
hammel mutton
hammer gavel
hand hand
handarbeit handiwork
handarbeiten handiworks
handbuch handbook
handel commerce
handeln act
handelnd acting
handels- marketing
handelsmarken trademarks
handelt agitate
handgelenk wrist
handgelenke wrists
handgemacht handmade
handgepaeck handluggage
handhaben manage
handhabend wielding
handhabt wields
handkoffer suitcase
handlich handily
handschrift handwriting
handschriften handwritings
handschuh glove
handschuhe gloves
handtasche gripsack
handtaschen gripsacks
handtuch towel
handtuecher towels
handvoll handful
handwerk handicraft
handwerker manufacturer
handzettel handbill
hanf hemp
hang hillside
hanswuerste tomfools
hanswurst tomfool
hardcopy hardcopy
harddisks harddisks
hardware hardware
harfe harp
harfen harps
harken rake
harkend raking
harkt rakes
harmlos harmless
harmonie harmony
harmonisch harmonic
harmonisieren harmonize
harmonisierend harmonizing
harmonisiert harmonizes
harmonisierte harmonized
harpune harpoon
harpunen harpoons
harresbreite hairbreadth
hart callous
hartgeld specie
hartherzig remorseless
hartnaeckig pertinacious
hartnaeckigkeiten obstinacies
harz resin
hase bunny
haselnuesse filberts
haselnuss filbert
hasen hares
hasenscharte harelip
hass hate
hassen hate
hassend hating
hasst hates
hasten scurry
hastend bustling
hastet bustles
hastig hastily
hat has
hatte had
haube bonnet
hauben bonnets
hauch breeze
hauen hew
hauend hewing
hauer tusk
haufen heap
haupt- cardinal
haupt.. master
hauptgeraet mainframe
hauptleitung trunking
hauptplatine motherboard
hauptquartier headquarters
hauptsaechlich generally
hauptstadt metropolis
hauptstaedtisch metropolitan
hauptwoerter nouns
hauptwort noun
haus house
hausarbeit homework
hausfrau housewife
hausfrauen housewives
hausgrundstueck premises
haushaelterin housekeeper
haushalt household
haushalte households
haushaltung housekeeping
hausieren peddle
hausierend peddling
hausierer huckster
hausiert peddles
hausierte peddled
hausmeister caretaker
haustuer frontdoor
haut hews
header headers
hebamme midwife
hebammen midwifes
hebel lever
hebelkraft leverage
heben heave
hebend heaving
hebt heaves
hecke hedge
hecken hedges
heer army
heftend tacking
heftig boisterous
heftigkeiten vehemences
heftklammer staple
heftklammern staples
heftpflaster plaster
heide heather
heideland wold
heikel scabrous
heil salvation
heilbar curable
heilbutt halibut
heilen cure
heilend curing
heilig holy
heiligen hallow
heiligend hallowing
heiligenschein nimbus
heiligkeit sanctity
heiligkeiten sanctities
heiligt hallows
heiligtuemer sanctuaries
heiligtum sanctuary
heilmittel remedies
heilsam beneficial
heilt cures
heimatlos homeless
heimgesucht infested
heimlich clandestine
heimlichkeit secrecy
heimlichkeiten secrecies
heimsuchen infest
heimsuchend infesting
heimtueckisch dastardly
heimwaerts homeward
heimweh nostalgia
heirat marriage
heiraten marry
heiratend marriyng
heiratet marries
heiser hoarse
heiss ardent
heiter cheerful
heiterkeit serenity
heiterkeiten serenities
heizer stoker
heizkoerper radiator
heizung firing
heizungen firings
hektisch hectic
heldin heroine
heldinnen heroines
helfen aid
helfend assisting
helfer backer
hell bright
heller brighter
helligkeit brightness
hellseher clairvoyant
hellste brightest
helm helmet
helme helmets
hemd chemise
hemden shirts
hemdsaermelig shirtly
hemisphere hemisphere
hemmen trig
hemmend trigging
hemmschuh skid
hemmschuhe skids
hemmt trigs
hemmungen inhibitions
hemmungslos unscrupulous
hengst stallion
hengste stallions
henker hangman
henne hen
herabgesetzt disparaged
herabgesetzte depreciated
herabsetzen belittle
herabsetzend degrading
herabsetzung decremented
herabsetzungen reductions
herabwuenschen imprecate
herabwuenschend imprecating
heraus out
herausdordern defy
herausfordern provoke
herausfordernd challenging
herausforderung challenge
herausforderungen defiances
herausgeber publishers
herausgefordert challenged
herausgegeben released
herausgestellt exposed
herausgreifend picking
herausnehmen rarefy
herausstellen expose
herausstellend exposing
herb harsh
herberge harborage
herbergen harborages
herbst autumn
herbstlich autumnal
hercules hercules
herd hearth
herde flock
herden flocks
hergestellt constructed
hering herring
herkoemmlich conventionally
herkunft parentage
herr mr
herren gents
herrin mistress
herrinnen mistresses
herrlich funny
herrschaft dominion
herrschaften masteries
herrschen dominate
herrschend dominant
herrscher sovereign
herrscht dominates
herstellen manufacture
herstellend manufacturing
herueber over
herueberkommen overcome
herum around
herunter downward
hervorgelockt elicited
hervorgeragt jutted
hervorgerufen evoked
hervorlocken elicit
hervorlockend eliciting
hervorragen jut
hervorragend jutting
hervorrufend evoking
herz heart
herzen hearts
herzklopfen palpitation
herzlich cordial
herzlos heartless
hetze chevy
hetzen rush
hetzend badgering
hetzt badgers
heu hay
heuchelei hypocrisy
heucheleien hypocrisies
heucheln feign
heuchelnd feigning
heuchelt feigns
heuchler hypocrite
heuchlerisch hypocritical
heuhaufen haycock
heulen howl
heulend howling
heult howls
heuschrecke grasshopper
heuschrecken locusts
heute today
heutige todays
heutzutage nowadays
hexe hag
hexen hags
hexerei witchcraft
hexereien witchcrafts
hier here
hierarchisch hierarchical
hierauf hereupon
hierdurch hereby
hierher hither
hiermit herewith
hierunter hereunder
hiervon hereof
hilfe help
hilfefile helpfile
hilflos helpless
hilflosigkeit helplessness
hilfreich helpful
hilfs- auxiliary
hilfsmittel resource
hilfsquellen resources
hilft aids
himbeere raspberry
himbeeren raspberries
himmel heaven
himmelskoerper luminaries
himmelwaerts skyward
himmlisch celestial
hinab down
hinauf up
hinaufgeklettert shined
hinaufklettern shin
hinaufkletternd shinning
hinausdraengen expel
hinderlich obstructive
hindern embarrass
hindernd embarrassing
hindernis hindrance
hindernisse barriers
hindert embarrasses
hindurch through
hineindraengen interlope
hineindraengend interloping
hineingedraengt interloped
hingebung devotion
hingelegt deposited
hingenommen acquiesced
hingerissen ravished
hingewiesen referenced
hingezogen protracted
hinken limp
hinkend limping
hinkriegen wangle
hinkriegend wangling
hinkt limps
hinnehmen acquiesce
hinnehmend acquiescing
hinreissen ravish
hinreissend ravishing
hinter behind
hintergruende backgrounds
hintergrund background
hinterste rearmost
hinterster rear
hintertreiben thwart
hintertreibend thwarting
hintertreibt thwarts
hintertrieben thwarted
hintertuer back-door
hinterwaeldler backwoodsman
hinweis clue
hinweise hints
hinziehen protract
hinziehend protracting
hirn brain
hirnhautentzuendung meningitis
hirsch hart
hirsche harts
hirse millet
hirt herder
historisch historical
hitze ardency
hitzkoepfe spitfires
hitzkopf hothead
hob heaved
hobbies hobbies
hobby fad
hoch high
hochachtungsvoll respectfully
hochgehoben uplifted
hochgezogen hoisted
hochheben uplift
hochhebend uplifting
hochland upland
hochmuetig supercilious
hochruf cheer
hochrufe cheers
hochzeit wedding
hochzeiten weddings
hochzeits- nuptial
hochziehend hoisting
hocker stool
hoden testicle
hoechst most
hoechste highest
hoechstes uppermost
hoechstleistung tilt
hoechstwertig leftmost
hoecker humps
hoeflich complimentary
hoeflichkeit civility
hoeflichkeiten civilities
hoehe altitude
hoehen heights
hoehepunkt climax
hoehepunkte climaxes
hoeher higher
hoehle cave
hoehlen burrows
hoelle hell
hoellisch hellish
hoelzer lumbers
hoelzern wooden
hoerbar audibly
hoerbare audible
hoeren hear
hoerend hearing
hoerensagen hearsay
hoerer hearer
hoerner cornets
hoert hears
hof court
hoffen hope
hoffend hoping
hoffnung hope
hoffnungslos hopeless
hoffnungsvoll hopeful
hofft hopes
hoffte hoped
hohl cavernous
hohlraum cavity
holend fetching
holt fetches
holz lumber
holzig woody
holzkohle charcoal
holzkohlen charcoals
holzschnitt woodcut
holzschnitte woodcuts
holzschraube woodscrew
honig honey
honigsuess honeyed
horchen hark
horchend harking
horcht harks
horizont horizon
horizontal horizontal
horizonte horizons
horn cornet
hornig horny
hornisse hornet
hornissen hornets
hose pants
hosen trousers
hotel hotel
hotelpage bellhop
hotels hotels
hotkey hotkey
hubschrauber gyroplane
huebsch handsome
huefte haunch
hueften haunches
huegel hill
huegelchen hillock
hueglig hilly
huehner hens
huelle envelope
huellen wrappers
huelse husk
huelsen husks
huendin bitch
huendinnen bitches
huepfen frisk
huepfend frisking
huepft frisks
huepfte hopped
huerde hurdle
huerden hurdles
huete hats
huette cottage
huetten hovels
hufeisen horseshoe
huhn hen
huldigung homage
huldigungen homages
human humane
hummel bumblebee
hummer lobster
humor humor
humorvoll humorous
humpeln hobble
humpelnd hobbling
humpelt hobbles
humpelte hobbled
hund dog
hunde dogs
hunde- canine
hundert hundred
hunderte hundredths
hundertster hundredth
hunger hunger
hungern famish
hungernd famishing
hungersnot famine
hungert famishes
hungerte hungered
hungrig hungrily
hupen honk
hupend honking
hupt honks
hupte honked
hure harlot
huren harlots
husten cough
hut hat
hyaene hyaena
hyaenen hyaenas
hyazinthe hyacinth
hyazinthen hyacinths
hydraulisch hydlaulic
hydrostatisch hydrostatic
hymne hymn
hymnen hymns
hypnotisieren hypnotize
hypnotisierend hypnotizing
hypnotisiert hypnotized
hypothekenschuldner mortgager
hypothese hypothesis
hypothetische hypothetical
hysterisch hysterical
i-Profil i-section
iBM ibm
iEEE ieee
iNHALT contents
ich i
iches inches
ideal ideal
idealismus idealism
idealistisch idealistic
idee conception
ideell ideally
ideen conceptions
identifizierbar identificable
identifizieren identify
identifiziert identified
identifizierung identification
identifizierungsmerkmale identifiers
identifizierungszeichen identifier
identisch identic
identitaet identity
idiot blockhead
idioten blockheads
idiotisch idiotic
idole idols
igel hedgehog
ignorieren ignore
ignoriert ignores
ihm him
ihr hers
ihre her
illusion illusion
illusionen illusions
illusorisch illusiv
illusory illusory
illustrationen illustrations
illustriert illustrated
iltis polecat
iltisse polecats
imaginaer imaginary
imbiss snack
imitieren imitate
immer always
immerfort evermore
immergruen evergreen
immerwaehrend everlasting
impfen vaccinate
impfend vaccinating
impfstoff vaccine
impfstoffe vaccines
impft vaccinates
impfung vaccination
impfungen vaccinations
import importation
importieren import
importiert imported
improvisieren improvise
improvisierend improvising
improvisiert improvises
improvisierte improvised
impulsiv impulsive
in in
inaktiv inactiv
inaktivieren inactivate
inaktivierend inactivating
inaktiviert inactivated
inbegriffen implied
inbesitznahme occupation
inbetriebnahme implementing
indessen meanwhile
indikator indicator
indikatoren indicators
indirekt indirect
indisch indian
indiskret indiscreetly
indiskretion indiscretion
indiskretionen indiscretions
individualisiert individualized
individualitaet individuality
individuell indivdual
individuelle individuals
indiziert indexed
indonesisch indonesian
industrie industry
infolgedessen consequently
information information
informationen informations
informativ informative
informatorisch informational
informieren inform
informierend informing
informiert informed
ingenieur engineer
ingenieure engineers
ingwer ginger
inhaber holder
inhalt content
inhalte tenors
initiale initials
initialisiere initialize
initialisieren inititialize
initialisierend initializing
initialisiert initialized
initialisierung initialization
initiative initiative
initiierung initiation
injektion injection
injektionen injections
inklusive inclusive
inkorrekt incorrect
inliegend enclosed
innen indoor
innenteil core
innere inner
innerer interior
innerhalb within
innewohnend inherent
innung guild
innungen guilds
inoffiziell inofficial
insasse inmate
insassen inmates
insekt insect
insel insular
inseln insulars
insgesamt altogether
instabil unstably
installation installing
installationen installations
installierbar installable
installieren install
installiert installs
installierung installation
instinktiv intuitively
instruiert instructed
integer integer
integriert integrated
integritaet integrity
intellektueller egghead
intelligent intelligent
intelligenz intelligence
intensitaet intensity
intensiv intense
interbrochen interrupted
interessant interesting
interesse interest
interessierend interesting
interessiert interested
interface inferface
intermittierend intermittent
intern internal
international international
interpreter interpreter
interpretiert interpreted
interpunktation punctuation
intervall interval
intervalle intervals
interview interview
intolerant intolarantly
intriege intrigue
intriegen intrigues
intrigant intriguer
intriganten intriguers
intuitiv intuitive
inventar inventory
invers reverse
invertiert reversed
invertierte inverse
invertierung inverting
investierend investing
investition investment
inzwischen meanwhile
ionisiert ionized
ionisierung ionization
ionosphaere ionosphere
ionospherisch ionospheric
irdisch terrestrial
ire irishman
irgendetwas anything
irgendwelche any
irgendwie anyhow
irgendwo anywhere
irgenwie anyway
irin irishwoman
irland ireland
ironisch ironically
irr madly
irre mad
irreal unreal
irrefuehren mislead
irrefuehrend misdirecting
irregefuehrt misdirected
irregeleitet misguided
irregulaer irregular
irreleiten misdirect
irreleitend misguiding
irrelevant irrelevant
irrend errant
irrenhaeuser madhouses
irrenhaus madhouse
irreparabel irreparable
irrer moron
irrglaube misbelief
irrig erroneously
irrsinnig lunatic
irrtum error
island iceland
isolieren insulate
isometrisch isometric
ist is
italic italics
italien italy
italienisch italian
ja yes
jacken coats
jaeger hunter
jaehrlich annual
jaehzornig irascible
jagd chevies
jagen scud
jagend chasing
jagt chases
jahr year
jahre years
jahrestag anniversary
jahrestage anniversaries
jahreszeit season
jahreszeiten seasons
jahrhundert century
jahrhunderte centuries
jahrmarkt fair
jammervoll woebegone
januar jan
japaner nisei
japanisch japanese
jaulen yip
jaulend yipping
jault yips
jazz jazz
je...desto the...the
jeder each
jedermanns everyones
jederzeit anytime
jedoch however
jemals ever
jemand anybody
jener yonder
jenseitig ulterior
jenseits beyond
jetzt now
jod iodine
johlen hoot
johlend hooting
johlt hoots
jolle yawl
jollen yawls
journal journal
journalismus journalism
joystick joystick
joysticks joysticks
jubeln jubilate
jubelnd jubilating
jubelt jubilates
jubilaeum jubilee
jubilierend jubilant
jucken itch
juckend itching
juckt itches
jude jew
juedin jewess
juedisch jewish
juenger younger
juengste youngest
jugend boyhood
jugendlich juvenile
juli jul
junfer spinster
junfern spinsters
junfraeulichkeit maidenhead
jung young
junge boy
jungesellen bachelors
jungfraeulich maiden
jungfraeulichkeit virginity
jungfrauen virgins
junggeselle bachelor
juni june
jurist judge
juwel jewel
juwelen jewels
kabel cable
kabeljau cod
kabine cabin
kabinen cabins
kabinett cabinet
kabinette cabinets
kacheln tile
kachelt tiles
kadaver carcases
kadett cadet
kadetten cadets
kaefer beetle
kaefig cage
kaefige cages
kaelber calves
kaelte coldness
kaemme combs
kaempfe combats
kaempfen brawl
kaempfend fighting
kaempfer combatant
kaempferisch pugnacious
kaempft fights
kaempfte fought
kaenguruh kangoroo
kaenguruhs kangoroos
kaese cheese
kaesekuchen cheesecakes
kaesten bins
kaetzchen catkin
kaeufer buyer
kaeuflich mercenarily
kaeuzchen screechowi
kaeuze codgers
kaffee coffee
kahl bald
kai wharf
kais wharfs
kakadu cockatoo
kakadus cockatoes
kakao cacao
kalb calf
kalbfleisch veal
kalender calendar
kalt cold
kam came
kamel camel
kamele camels
kamerad buddy
kameraden buddies
kameradschaft fellowship
kameras cameras
kamille camomile
kamin chimney
kamine chimneys
kaminplatte mantelpiece
kamm comb
kammer chamber
kampf campaigns
kampierend camping
kampiert camps
kampierte camped
kanada canada
kanadische canadian
kanaele canals
kanal canal
kanalisation sewerage
kanalisationen sewerages
kandidaten candidates
kandiert candied
kandis candy
kaninchen rabbit
kanne tankard
kannen tankards
kannibale cannibal
kannibalen cannibals
kanone cannon
kanonen cannons
kantine canteen
kantinen canteens
kapazitaet capacity
kapelle chapel
kapellen chapels
kapellmeister bandmaster
kapern capers
kapitaen captain
kapitalisieren capitalize
kapitalisierend capitalizing
kapitalisiert capitalizes
kapitel chapters
kappe cap
kapriole caper
kaprizioes capriciously
kapsel capsule
kapseln capsules
kaputt broken
karieren chequer
kariert chequered
karikatur caricature
karikaturen cartoons
karikierend caricaturing
karikiert caricatured
karneval carnival
karomuster chequers
karpfen carp
karre barrow
karte card
karten cards
karten-Nr. cardnumber
kartoffel potato
kartoffeln potatoes
karton cardboard
kartons cartons
kaserne barracks
kassette cartridge
kassetten caskets
kassierer cashier
kastanien chestnuts
kastanienbraun maroon
kasten chest
kastrieren castrate
kastrierend castrating
kastriert castrates
kastrierte castrated
katalog catalog
kataloge catalogues
katalogisiert cataloged
katalogisierung cataloging
katastrophal disastrous
kategorie category
kategorieen categories
kategorisieren categorize
katze cat
katzen cats
kauderwelsch gibberish
kauen chaw
kauend chawing
kauern cower
kauernd cowering
kauert cowers
kaufen cash
kaufend vending
kaufleute merchants
kaufmaennisch commercial
kaufmann merchant
kaufte bought
kaulquappe tadpole
kaulquappen tadpoles
kaum hardly
kaut chaws
kaution bail
kauz codger
kegel cone
kegeln ninepins
kehle gorge
kehlen goals
kehlkopf larynx
keifen jangle
keifend jangling
keift jangles
keimen germ
keimend germinating
keimt germinates
keimte germinated
kein no
keine none
keks biscuit
kekse biscuits
kelch chalice
kelche chalices
kelle dipper
kellen dippers
keller cellar
kellner butlers
kellnerin waitress
kellnerinnen waitresses
kennen know
kennend knowing
kenner connoisseur
kenntnis knowledge
kennzeichen badges
kennzeichnen signify
kennzeichnet indents
kentern capsize
kenternd capsizing
kentert capsizes
kerbe dent
kerbend nicking
kerbt nicks
kerker dungeon
kerl guy
kerle guys
kern core
kern- nuclear
kerne cores
kernlos seedless
kernpunkt nub
kernpunkte quintessences
kernstuecke nubs
kerze candle
kerzen candles
kessel boiler
kette catena
ketzerei heresy
keuchen gasp
keuchend gasping
keucht gaspes
keuchte panted
keuschheit chastity
kibitz kibitzer
kibitze kibitzers
kichern chuckle
kichernd chuckling
kichert chuckles
kiefer jaw
kiefern pines
kiel keel
kieme gill
kiemen gills
kies gravel
kieselstein pebble
kieselsteine pebbles
kind child
kinder children
kindermaedchen nannies
kinderzimmer nurseries
kindheit childhood
kindheiten infancies
kindisch infantile
kindische boyish
kindlich childishly
kindliche childish
kinn chin
kino cinema
kinos cinemas
kippen cant
kippend canting
kippt cants
kirche church
kirchen churches
kirchhoefe churchyards
kirchhof churchyard
kirchlich clerical
kirchtuerme steeples
kirchturm steeple
kirsche cherry
kirschen cherries
kissen cushion
kisten chests
kitschig tawdrily
kitten putty
kittend puttying
kittet putties
kitzeln tickle
kitzelnd tickling
kitzelt tickles
kitzlig ticklish
klaeffend yelping
klaefft yelps
klaeffte yelped
klaeger plaintiff
klaeglich deplorable
klaeren clarify
klaert clears
klaerung clarification
klaerungen clearances
klage lament
klagen bewail
klagend bewailing
klaglos unrepining
klagt bewails
klagte lamented
klammer brace
klammern clamp
klammernd clasping
klammert clamps
klammerte clung
klangvoll melodious
klappen flap
klappern clatter
klappernd clattering
klapperschlange rattlesnake
klapperschlangen rattlesnakes
klappert clatters
klappt flips
klaps dab
klapse dabs
klar clear
klare lucid
klarheit clarity
klarheiten clarities
klasse class
klassen classes
klassifizieren classify
klassifizierend classifying
klassisch classic
klatschbase telltale
klatschbasen telltales
klatschen clap
klatschend clapping
klatscht claps
klaue claw
klauen claws
klavier piano
klaviere pianos
kleben paste
klebrig glutinous
klecks blot
kleckse blots
klee trefoil
kleeblaetter shamrocks
kleeblatt shamrock
kleid dress
kleiden clothe
kleider clothes
kleiderschrank wardrobe
kleidet endues
kleidung clothing
kleie bran
klein little
kleiner less
kleinigkeit trifle
kleinschrift lowercase
kleinstcomputer minicomputer
kleinste smallest
kleinverkauf retail
klemmt jams
klempner plumber
klettern clamber
kletternd clambering
klettert clambers
klick click
klickend clicking
klima climate
klimpern thrum
klimpernd thrumming
klimpert thrums
klinge blade
klingel bell
klingeln jingle
klingelnd jingling
klingelt jingles
klingen clink
klingend clinking
klingt clinkers
klinker clinker
klirren clang
klirrend clanking
klirrt clangs
klirrte clashed
kloester monasteries
kloetze chumps
klopfen palpitate
klopfend palpitating
klopfer beater
klopft palpitates
klopfte palpitated
kloster monastry
klotz chump
kluempchen clot
klug clever
klugheit cleverness
klumpen clump
klumpig lumpish
knabe boy
knall bang
knapp barely
knastbruder jailbird
knastbrueder jailbirds
knauserig ungenerous
knebelnd gagging
knechte menials
kneifen nip
kneifend nipping
kneift nips
kneifzange pincers
kneipe pub
kneipen pubs
kneten knead
knetend kneading
knetet kneads
knie knee
knieend kneeing
kniehosen breeches
knien kneel
kniet knees
kniff knack
knirps tot
knirpse tots
knirschen gnash
knirschend gnashing
knirscht gnashes
knoblauch garlic
knochen bone
knoechel ankle
knoecherne bony
knoepfe knobs
knolle bulb
knollen tubers
knopf button
knorpel cartilage
knospe bud
knoten knot
knoten- nodal
knotend knotting
knotet knots
knotig knotty
knueppel bludgeon
knurren growl
knurrend snarling
knurrt snarls
knusprig crisp
knutschend petting
kobold elf
kobolde elfs
kochen boil
kochend boiling
kocher boiler
kochnische kitchenette
kochplatte boilerplate
kocht boils
kochtoepfe saucepans
kochtopf saucepan
koeder bait
koedern decoy
koedernd decoying
koedert lures
koenig king
koenige kings
koenigin queen
koeniglich kinglike
koenigreich kingdom
koenigreiche kingdoms
koennen can
koennte could
koepfe heads
koepfen behead
koepft decapitates
koerbe baskets
koernchen granule
koernen granulate
koernend granulating
koerner grains
koernt granulates
koerper bodies
koerperbau physique
koerperlich bodily
koerperschaft corporation
koestlich delicious
koeter tyke
koffer bag
kohl cabbage
kohle coal
kohlen coals
koje bunk
kojen bunks
kokospalme coco
kolben piston
kolben- reciproating
kolibri hummingbird
kolik colic
koliken colics
kollege colleague
kollegen colleagues
koller tantrum
kollision collision
kollisionen collisions
kolonialwarenhaendler grocer
kolonie colony
kombination combination
kombinationen combinations
kombinieren combinate
kombinierend combining
kombiniert combined
kombuese caboose
kombuesen cabooses
komfort comfort
komfortabel comfortably
komfortable comfortable
komfortabler comfortablier
komisch comic
komission comission
komissionen comissions
komma comma
kommata commas
kommen come
kommend coming
kommentar commentary
kommentare comments
kommentieren annotate
kommentiert commented
kommentierte annotated
kommerziell commercial
kommt comes
kommunikation communication
kommunikationen communications
kommunismus communism
kommunizieren comunicate
kommunizierte communicated
komoedie comedy
komoedien comedies
kompakt compact
kompaktheit compactness
kompass compass
kompatibel compatible
kompatibilitaet compatibility
kompatible compatibles
kompensation compensation
kompensieren compensate
kompensiert compensated
komplex complex
komplikation complication
kompliment compliment
komplize accomplice
komplizen accomplices
kompliziert complicated
komponente component
komponenten components
kompression compression
kompressor compressor
komprimieren compress
komprimierend compressing
komprimiert compressed
komprimierte squeezed
kompromiss compromise
kompromisslos uncompromising
kondensieren condense
kondolieren condole
kondolierend condoling
kondoliert condoles
kondolierte condoled
konfekt confection
konferenz conference
konferenzen conferences
konfiguration configuaration
konfigurationen configurations
konfigurieren configure
konfigurierend configuring
konfiguriert configured
konflikt conflict
konkurieren compete
konkurrent competitor
konkurrenten competitors
konkurs bankruptcy
konkurse bankruptcies
konsequent consequently
konsequenz consequence
konserviert conserved
konsole bracket
konstant constant
konstruieren construct
konstruierend constructing
konstruiert builds
konstruktion construction
kontakt contact
kontinente continents
kontinuierlich continuous
kontrast contrast
kontrollieren check
kontrolliert checked
konvention convention
konventionell conventional
konventionen conventions
konverter converter
konvertieren convert
konvertiert converted
konzentrierend concentrating
konzentriert lumped
konzentrierte concentrated
konzept concept
konzepte concepts
konzert concert
konzerte concerts
koordinate coordinate
koordinaten coordinates
koordination coordination
kopf pate
kopfkissen pillow
kopfnuesse clouts
kopfnuss clout
kopfschmerz headache
kopfschmerzen headache
kopfzeile headline
kopien copies
kopierbar copyable
kopieren copy
kopierend copying
kopiert copied
koppeln interlink
koppler coupler
koralle coral
korallen corals
korb basket
korn grain
korrekt correct
korrektur correction
korrekturen corrections
korrespondenz correspondence
korrespondieren correspond
korrespondiert corresponds
korrigierbar corrigible
korrigiert corrected
kosmetisch cosmetic
kosmische cosmic
kost food
kostbar precious
kostbarkeit costliness
kostbarkeiten costlinesses
kosten cost
kostend costing
kostet costs
kostspielig costly
kot excrement
kotelett chop
koteletts chops
kotfluegel mudguard
kotig mirily
kotletts cutlets
krabbe shrimp
krabbeln scrabble
krabbelnd crawling
krabbelt crawls
krabben crab
krachend cracking
kracht cracks
kraechzen caw
kraechzend cawing
kraechzt caws
kraefte strengths
kraeftig burly
kraeftigen innervate
kraeftigend innervating
kraeftigt innervates
kraehen crow
kraemer chandler
kraempfe cramps
kraenkeln ail
kraenkelnd ailing
kraenkelt ails
kraenken aggrieve
kraenkend aggrieving
kraenklich valetudinarian
kraenkt aggrieves
kraenkung mortification
kraenkungen mortifications
kraeuter herbs
kraft force
kraftfahrzeug autocar
kraftfahrzeuge autocars
kraftlos infirm
kraftvoll forceful
kragen collar
krakeelen roister
krakeelend brawling
krakeelt brawls
krakeelte brawled
kralle talon
krallen talons
krampf cramp
krampfader varicose
krampfadern varicoses
kran crane
kranich crane
kraniche cranes
krank diseased
krankenhaeuser hospitals
krankenhaus hospital
krankhaft morbid
krankheit disease
krankheiten diseases
kranz annulus
kranzfoermig annular
kratzen scrape
kratzend scraping
kratzt scrapes
kraut herb
krawate tie
krawatte necktie
krebs cancer
kreide chalk
kreis circle
kreischen squawk
kreischend shrieking
kreischt shrieks
kreise circles
kreisel- centrifugal
kreisen gyrate
kreisend gyrating
kreisfoermig circular
kreislaeufe circuits
kreislauf circuitry
kreisprozess cycle
kreist gyrates
kreml kremlin
kreuz cross
kreuzungen hybrids
kreuzwort crossword
kriechen crawl
kriechend creeping
kriecher creeper
kriecherei servility
kriechereien servilities
kriecht creeps
krieg war
kriege wars
krieger warrior
kriegerisch martial
krippe manger
krippen mangers
krise crises
kriterium criterion
kritik criticism
kritiker censors
kritisch critical
kritisieren criticize
kritzeln scrawl
kritzelnd scrawling
kritzelt scrawls
kroenung coronation
kroenungen coronations
kroete toad
kroeten toads
krone crown
kronen crowns
kronleuchter lustres
kruege jars
kruemel crumb
kruemelnd crumbing
kruemelt crumbs
kruemmen writhe
kruemmend crooking
kruemmt crooks
kruemmung crook
kruemmungen curvatures
krueppel cripple
krug jar
krumm crooked
kruste crust
krusten crusts
kuchen cake
kuckuck cuckoo
kuebel tub
kueche cuisine
kuechen cuisines
kuegelchen pellet
kuehe cows
kuehle coolness
kuehlen refrigerate
kuehlend refrigerating
kuehlmittel coolant
kuehlschraenke fridges
kuehlschrank refrigerator
kuehlt refrigerates
kuehlung cooling
kuehn audaciously
kuehner keener
kuehnheit hardihood
kuehnste keenest
kueken chicken
kuenftig future
kuenste arts
kuenstler artist
kuenstlerisch artistic
kuenstlich artificial
kuerbis pumpkin
kuerbisse gourds
kuerze brevity
kuerzen abridge
kuerzend abbreviating
kuerzer shorter
kuerzlich lately
kuerzt abbreviates
kuerzung abridgement
kuerzungen abridgements
kuessen kiss
kuessend kissing
kuesst kisses
kueste coast
kuesten coasts
kuester sexton
kugel ball
kugelfoermig spherical
kugeln bullets
kuh cow
kultivieren cultivate
kultivierend cultivating
kultiviert cultivates
kultivierte cultivated
kulturell cultural
kummer grief
kunde client
kunden clients
kundgebung manifestation
kundgebungen manifestations
kundschaft clientele
kunst art
kunstgerecht workmanlike
kunstgriff artifice
kunstseide rayon
kunststoff plastics
kunstvoll artful
kupfer copper
kuppel dome
kuppeln couple
kuppelnd pimping
kuppelt pimps
kuppler pimp
kurbelgehaeuse crankcase
kurbelwange crankweb
kurbelzapfen crankpin
kursiv cursive
kursivschrift italic
kurve bend
kurven curves
kurz brief
kurze short
kurzerhand shorthand
kurzwaren haberdashery
kurzwelle shortwave
kuscheln snuggle
kuschelnd snuggling
kuschelt snuggles
kuss kiss
kutsche coach
kutschen coaches
kutte cowl
kutten cowls
labyrinth maze
labyrinthe mazes
lachen laugh
lachend laughing
lachs salmon
lachse salmons
lacht laughs
ladeluftkuehlung intercooling
laden charge
ladend loading
ladentisch counter
ladeprogramm loader
ladungen cargos
laecheln simper
laechelnd simpering
laechelt simpers
laecherlich laughable
laedt charges
laeger storehouses
laehmen lame
laehmend palsying
laehmt palsies
laehmung palsy
laemmer lambs
laender countries
laendlich rural
laenge footage
laengen longitudes
laenger longer
laengsseits alongside
laengste longest
laerche larches
laerm din
laermend blatant
laermt fusses
laessig remiss
laesst lets
laestig burdensome
laetzchen bib
laeufer runner
laeuft runs
laeuse lice
laeuten ring
laeutend knolling
lagal legally
lage site
lager bearing
lagerhaus warehouse
lagern encamp
lagernd encamping
lagert encamps
lagerung storage
lahm lame
laienhaft unaware
lakritz licorice
lametta tinsel
lamm lamb
lampe lamp
lampen lamps
lampenschirm lampshade
lampenschirme lampshades
land country
landesgrenze frontier
landkarte map
landschaft landscape
landschaften landscapes
landstreicher tramp
landung landing
landwirt farmer
landwirtschaft husbandry
lang long
langeweile boredom
langlebigkeit longevity
langsam slow
langsamer slower
langschrift longhand
langweilig tedious
lanze lance
lappen lobe
larve larva
larven larvas
laser laser
lassen let
lassend letting
lasso lariat
lassos lariats
last burden
lasten encumbrances
lasterhaft vicious
lastwagen lorries
laterne lantern
laternen lanterns
latte lath
latten laths
lau tepid
laub foliage
laube bower
lauben bowers
lauch leeks
lauern lurk
lauernd lurking
lauert lurks
lauf course
laufend current
lauffaehig executable
lauffeuer wildfire
laufring race
laufwerk drive
laufwerke drives
laufzeit milage
laufzeiten milages
laune caprice
launen caprices
launisch capricious
laus louse
lausig lousily
laut aloud
laute lute
lauten lutes
lautlos soundless
lautstaerke loudness
lauwarm lukewarm
lavendel lavender
layout layout
layouts layouts
leben life
lebend living
lebendig alive
lebensalter age
lebenserwartung lifespan
lebensmittel provisions
lebensmittelgeschaeft grocery
lebensmittelgeschaefte groceries
lebensmittelhaendler grocer
lebensunfaehig unlivable
lebenszeit lifetime
leber liver
lebhaft bouncy
lebhaftigkeit liveliness
lebhaftigkeiten vivacities
lebkuchen gingerbread
leblos inanimate
lebt lives
lebte lived
lebzeiten lifetimes
leck leak
lecken leak
leckend lambent
lecker daintily
leckerbissen delicacies
leckerer daintier
leckerste daintiest
leckt leaks
leder buff
lediglich merely
leer blank
leere emptiness
leeren deplete
leerend blanking
leerer blanker
leerfelder spaces
leerlauf idle
leerstelle blankspace
leert depletes
leertaste spacebar
leerzeichen blanks
legal legal
legen put
legend laying
legenden fables
legieren alloy
legiert alloyed
legitimieren legitimate
legt poses
lehm clay
lehnen recline
lehnend leaning
lehnstuehle armchairs
lehnstuhl armchair
lehnt leans
lehre apprenticeship
lehren teach
lehrend teaching
lehrer teachers
lehrerin schoolmistress
lehrfach subject
lehrling apprentice
lehrlinge apprentices
lehrreich instructive
leib body
leibschmerzen stomach-ache
leibwaechter bodyguard
leichenhaft cadaverous
leichenhalle mortuary
leichenhallen mortuaries
leichenschauhaus morgue
leichentuch shroud
leichentuecher shrouds
leichenwagen hearse
leicht easy
leichtfertig frivolous
leichtfertigkeiten levities
leichtglaeubig credulous
leichtigkeit facility
leichtigkeiten facilities
leichtsinn flippancy
leichtsinnig flippant
leid harm
leiden suffer
leidend suffering
leidenschaft passion
leidenschaften passions
leidenschaftlich impassioned
leidet suffers
leidtragende mourners
leidtragender mourner
leihe loan
leihen lend
leihend lending
leihhaeuser pawnshops
leihhaus pawnshop
leiht lends
leim glue
leimend gluing
leimt glues
leinen linen
leise quiet
leiste ledge
leisten render
leistend rending
leistet renders
leistete rendered
leistungsaufnahme input
leistungsverhalten performance
leistungsvermoegen capacities
leiten conduct
leitend conducting
leiter ladder
leiterin managress
leitet directs
leitfaden textbook
leitfaeden textbooks
leitlinien guidelines
leitung conduction
leitungen conductions
leitungsnetz mains
lektion lesson
lektionen lessons
lektuere lecture
lende loin
lenkbar dirigible
lerche skylark
lerchen skylarks
lernen learn
lernend learning
lernt learns
lernte learned
lesbar legibly
lesbarkeit legibility
lesen read
lesend reading
leser reader
leserlich legible
letzte hindmost
letzter ultimate
letztlich lately
letztmalig ultimately
leuchtend luminous
leuchter candlestick
leugnen denial
leute folk
leutselig affable
licht light
lichtung glade
lichtungen glades
lid lid
lider lids
liderlich lewd
lieb brave
liebaeugeln ogle
liebaeugelnd ogling
liebaeugelt ogles
liebaeugelte ogled
liebe dear
lieben love
liebend loving
liebenswert lovable
liebenswuerdig amiable
liebevoll affectionate
liebkosen caress
liebkosend caressing
liebkost caresses
liebkoste caressed
lieblich lovely
liebling darling
lieblinge pets
lieblos uncharitable
liebt loves
lied song
lieder ballads
lief ran
lieferant supplier
lieferanten suppliers
lieferbar deliverable
liefern supply
liefert affords
lieferte supplied
lieferung delivery
liegen lie
liegend horizontal
liegt lies
liest reads
liga league
lightpens lightpens
lilie lilly
lilien lillies
limonade lemonade
limousine sedan
limousinen sedans
lindern palliate
lindernd allaying
lindert alleviates
linderungsmittel palliative
linear linear
linie line
linienfahrzeug liner
liniiert lined
linke left
linkt links
linse lens
linsen lenses
lippe lip
lippen lips
lippenstift lipstick
lippenstifte lipsticks
liqidationen liquidations
lispeln lisp
lispelnd lisping
lispelt lisps
list wile
liste list
listen wiles
listet lists
listings listings
liter litre
literarisch literarily
literatur literature
lizensieren licensee
lizensiert licensed
lizenz liscense
lizenzen licenses
lizenzgeber licensor
lizenznehmer licensee
lob praise
loben laud
lobend lauding
lobenswert laudable
lobt lauds
lobte laudet
loch hole
locke curl
locken entice
lockend enticing
locker lax
lockernd limbering
lockt entices
loecher holes
loeffel spoon
loeffelnd spooning
loeschbar erasable
loeschen clear
loeschend cancelling
loescher blotter
loescht erases
loesen solve
loesend detaching
loeslich soluble
loest disengages
loesung lotion
loesungen lotions
loesungsmittel solvent
loeten solder
loetend soldering
loetet solders
loewe lion
loewen lions
loewin lioness
logarithmisch logarithmic
logisch logical
logische logic
logos logos
lohnempfaenger wage-earner
lohnen remunerate
lohnend remunerating
lohnt remunerates
lokalisieren locate
londoner cockney
lorbeer laurel
losbinden unbind
losbindend unbinding
losgekoppelt uncoupled
losgeschraubt unscrewed
loskoppeln uncouple
loskoppelnd uncoupling
losschrauben unscrew
losschraubend unscrewing
losung watchword
losungen watchwords
lot plummet
luchs lynx
luchse lynxes
luecke gap
luecken gaps
luefter fan
luege lie
luegner liar
luemmel boor
luester chandelier
luestern lascivious
luesternd lasciviously
luestling voluptuary
luestlinge voluptuaries
luft air
luftig aerial
luftpost air-mail
luftroehre windpipe
luftroehren windpipes
luftschlitz louvre
luftspiegelung mirage
luftspiegelungen mirages
luftstrom airflow
lufttaxen aerocabs
lufttaxi aerocab
lumpensammler ragman
lunge lung
lungen lungs
lungenentzuendung pneumonia
lupine lupin
lupinen lupins
lust delight
lustig frolicsome
lustlos listless
lustspiel comedy
luxurioes luxurious
luxus luxuries
lynchen lynch
lynchend lynching
lyncht lynches
lyrisch lyric
mB mbyte
mInnesaenger minstrel
mSDOS msdos
machen make
machend making
macher wright
macht makes
macros macros
made maggot
maden maggots
maechtig mightily
maedchen girl
maedchenhaft girlish
maedchenzeit girlhood
maehen mow
maehend mowing
maehne mane
maehnen manes
maeht mowes
maengel deficiencies
maenner men
maennlich male
maennlichkeit manhood
maennlichkeiten virilities
maentel cloaks
maerchen fairy-tale
maerkte markets
maertyrer martyr
maerz mar
maessig abstemious
maessigen temper
maessigend moderating
maessigt moderates
maessigung moderation
maessigungen temperances
maesten cram
maestend cramming
maestet crams
maetzchen hokum
maeuse mice
mag likes
magazin magazine
magen stomach
magenta magenta
mager gaunt
magisch magic
magnet lodestone
magnete lodestones
magnetisch magnetic
magnetismus magnetism
mahl dinner
mahlend milling
mahlzeit meal
mahlzeiten meals
mahnen dun
mahnend dunning
mahnt duns
mai may
maibaeume maypoles
maibaum maypole
mais corn
majestaet majesty
majestaetisch majestic
makaroni macaroni
makler broker
makrele mackerel
makrelen mackerels
makro macro
makrone macaroon
makronen macaroons
malen paint
maler painter
malerisch pictorial
malt paints
malz malt
manager manager
manchmal sometime
mandarine tangerine
mandarinen tangerines
mandat mandate
mandate mandates
mandel tonsil
mandelentzuendung quinsy
mandelentzuendungen quinsies
mandeln tonsils
mangel deficiency
mangelhaft defectively
mangelhafte defectiv
manierlich mannerly
manipulation manipulation
manipulationen manipulations
manipulieren gerrymander
manipulierend manipulating
manipuliert manipulated
mann man
mannhaft manful
mannigfaltig multifarious
mannschaft team
mannschaften teams
mannschaftsfuehrer teamster
manoevrieren manoeuvre
manschette sleeve
manschetten wristbands
mantel cloak
manual manual
manuale manuals
manuell manually
marder marten
mark marrow
marke marker
markieren mark
markierend marking
markiert marked
markierung indentation
markierungen indentations
markig marrowy
markt market
marktfaehig marketable
marktplatz marketplace
marktschreier mountebank
marmelade jam
marmor marble
marsch march
marschierend marching
marschiert marches
marschierte marched
marternd martyring
martert martyrs
masche mesh
maschen meshes
maschine engine
maschinen machines
maschinenbau engineering
maschinerien machineries
masern measles
maske mask
masken masks
maskerade masquerade
maskeraden masquerades
maskierbar maskable
maskierend masking
maskierte masked
maskottchen mascot
mass gauge
masse metrics
masseinheit measurement
massen bulks
massenhaft plentiful
massieren massage
massierend massaging
massiert massages
massierte massaged
massig bulky
massiv massive
massive massifs
masslos exorbitant
massnahme sanction
massnahmen sanctions
mast mast
masten masts
material material
materialien materials
mathematiker mathematician
mathematisch algebraic
mathematische mathematics
matratze mattress
matratzen mattresses
matrix matrix
matrose sailor
matsch sludge
matt dull
matte mat
matten mats
mattigkeit languor
mauer wall
mauer- mural
maultier mule
maultiere mules
maulwurfshuegel molehill
maurer bricklayer
maus mouse
mausen pilfer
mausend pilfering
mausern molt
mausernd molting
mausert molts
maxima maximums
maximal maximal
maximierend maximizing
maximum maximum
mechaniker mechanic
mechanisch mechanical
mechanisieren mechanize
mechanisierend mechanizing
mechanisiert mechanizes
mechanisierte mechanized
mechanismus mechanism
medaillon locket
medaillons lockets
medizin medicine
medizinisch medicinal
medizinische medical
meer sea
meere oceans
meeresfruechte seafood
megabyte megabyte
mehl flour
mehltau mildew
mehr more
mehrdeutig equivocal
mehrdeutige ambiguous
mehrere several
mehrfach multiple
mehrfache multilple
mehrheit majority
mehrheiten majorities
mehrnamig polynomial
mehrstufig multistage
mehrzahl plural
meiden eschew
meidend eschewing
meidet eschews
meile mile
meilen miles
meilenstein cornerstone
meilensteine milestones
mein mine
meine my
meineid perjury
meineide perjuries
meinen opine
meinend opining
meint opines
meinte opined
meinung opinion
meinungen opinions
meise titmouse
meisen titmice
meissel chisel
meist almost
meistens mostly
meisterhaft masterful
meisterschaft championship
meisterschaften championships
meisterstueck masterpiece
meisterstuecke masterpieces
melden notify
meldung message
meldungen messages
melkend milking
melkt milks
melodie melody
melodien melodies
melodisch tuneful
melone melon
melonen melons
menge crowd
mengen crowds
menschenfeind misanthrope
menschenfeinde misanthropes
menschenfresser ogre
menschenfreund philanthropist
menschheit mankind
menschlich human
menschlichkeit humanity
mentalitaet mentality
mentalitaeten mentalities
menue menu
menues menus
menuett minuet
menuette minuets
meridian meridian
merkbar appreciable
merkend perceiving
merkmale tees
messbar measurable
messend measuring
messer knife
messgeraet gauge
messing brass
messstab dipstick
messungen measurements
metall metal
metalle metals
metallisch metallic
metallueberzug plating
metapher metaphor
metaphern metaphors
meteor meteor
meteore meteors
meter meter
methode method
methoden methods
methodisch methodic
metrisch metric
metzger butcher
meuterei mutiny
meutereien mutinies
meuterer mutineer
mexikanisch mexican
mgnetisch magneticly
miauen miaow
miauend miaowing
miaut miaows
miaute miaowed
micro- micro
microsekunde microsecond
microvolt microvolt
miene air
mienen miens
miete lease
mieten rent
mietend leasing
mieter lodger
mietet leases
mietshaus tenement
mietwohnung flat
mikrocomputer microcomputers
mikrofon microphone
mikrofone microphones
mikroprozessor microprocessor
mikrosekunden microseconds
mikroskop microscope
mikroskope microscopes
milch milk
milchig milky
milchmaenner milkmen
milchmann milkman
mild clement
milde clemency
milder milder
mildern mitigate
mildernd mitigating
mildert mitigates
mildeste mildest
militaerisch militarily
milliarde billions
millimeter millimeter
millionaer millionaire
millionaere millionaires
millionste millionth
millisekunden milliseconds
mimisch mimic
minderheit minority
minderheiten minorities
minderjaehriger minor
minderjaehrigkeit nonage
minderwertigkeit inferiority
minderwertigkeiten inferiorities
mineral mineral
mineralisch minerally
mineralwasser minerals
minimale minimal
minimieren minimize
minimierend minimizing
minimiert minimized
minimum minimum
ministerien ministries
ministerium ministry
minnesaenger minstrels
minus minus
minute minute
minuten minutes
minze mint
mir me
mischbar mergeable
mischen blend
mischend merging
mischling hybrid
mischlinge mongrels
mischmasch hotpotch
mischt mashs
mischung mixture
missbilligen disapprove
missbilligend disapproving
missbilligt disapproves
missbilligte disapproved
missbilligung disapprobation
missbilligungen disapprovals
missbrauch misusage
missbrauchen abuse
missbrauchend abusing
missbraucht abused
missdeuten misconstrue
missdeutend misconstruing
missdeutet misconstrues
misserfolg failure
missfaellt displeases
missfallen displease
missfallend displeasing
missgedeutet misconstrued
missgeschick misadventure
missgoennen begrudge
missgoennend grudging
missgoennt begrudges
missgoennte begrudged
misshandeln maltread
misshandelnd maltreating
misshandelt maltreads
misslingen miscarry
misslingend miscarrying
misslingt miscarries
misslungen failed
missstaende nuisances
missstand nuisance
misstrauen distrust
misstrauend distrusting
misstrauisch distrustful
misstraut distrusts
misstraute distrusted
missverstanden misapprehended
missverstehen misapprhend
missverstehend misconceiving
missversteht misapprehends
mist muck
mistel mistletoe
misteln mistletoes
mistgabel muckrake
mistgabeln muckrakes
mit communicatekorrespondiert
miteinander together
miterbe coheir
miterben coheirs
mitesser blackhead
mitgefuehl sympathy
mitgewirkt concured
mitglied member
mitgliedschaft membership
mitgliedschaften memberships
mitleid charity
mitleidig compassionate
mitleit pity
mitschleppen inherit
mitschueler schoolfellow
mitschuld complicity
mittag midday
mittage noons
mittagessen lunch
mitte centre
mitteilen acquaint
mittel means
mittel- medial
mittelalterlich mediaeval
mittellos penniless
mittelmaessig mediocre
mittelmeer- mediterranean
mittelsmaenner middlemen
mittelsmann middleman
mittelste midmost
mitten middles
mitternacht midnight
mittig concentric
mittwoch wednesday
mitwirkend concuring
mitwirkung concurrence
mixer blender
mode fashion
modell model
modelle models
modem modem
modems modems
moderig frowstily
modern fashionable
moderner moderner
modernisieren modernize
modernisierend modernizing
modernisiert modernized
modernste modernest
modisch fashionable
modistin milliner
modistinnen milliners
modrig moldily
module module
modulierend modulating
moduliert modulates
modulierte modulated
modus mode
moebel furniture
moegend liking
moeglich possible
moegliche eventual
moeglicherweise possibly
moeglichkeit possibility
moehre carrot
moehren carrots
moench friar
moenche friars
moenchisch monkish
moepse pugs
moerder assassin
moerderin murderess
moertel mortar
moewe gull
moewen gulls
molkerei dairy
moment instant
momente moments
monat month
monate monthes
monatlich monthly
mond moon
mond- lunar
monde moons
mondhell moonlit
mondlicht moonlight
mondsuechtig moonstruck
monitor monitor
monitore monitors
monochrom monochromatic
monsun monsoon
montag monday
montage assembly
montagen fittings
monteur fitter
monumental monumentally
moor fen
moore fens
moos moss
moosig mossy
mop mop
mops pug
morast morass
mord murder
morgen tomorrow
morgendaemmerung dawn
morgenemfang levee
morgenempfaenge levees
morphium morphia
morse morse
mosaik mosaic
mosaiken mosaics
moschee mosque
moscheen mosques
moschus musk
moskito mosquito
moskitos mosquitos
motiv motif
motiviert motived
motor motor
motorhaube bonnet
motorisieren motorize
motorisierend motorizing
motorisiert motorized
motorradfahrer motorcyclist
motte moth
motten mothes
muecke gnat
muecken gnats
muede tired
muedigkeit weariness
muedigkeiten wearinesses
muehe trouble
muehelos effortlessly
muehevoll troublesome
muehle mill
muehlen mills
muehlstein millstone
muehlsteine millstones
muehsam arduous
mueller miller
muender mouthes
muendlich oral
muendung orifice
muendungen orifices
muenze coin
muenzen coins
muerbe mellow
muerrisch glum
muessen must
muessig truantly
muetter mothers
muetterlich maternal
muetze cap
muff muff
muffig mustily
mull mull
multicolor multicolor
multifrequenz multifrequency
multiplikation multiplication
mund mouth
mundart idiom
mundstueck mouthpiece
mundvoll mouthful
munition munitions
munter jauntily
murmeln mumble
murmelnd mumbling
murmelt mumbles
murren grumble
murrend grumbling
murrt grumbles
mus mush
muschel mussel
muscheln scallops
museen museums
museum museum
musik music
musikalisch musical
musikpavillon bandstand
muskatnuesse nutmegs
muskatnuss nutmeg
muskel muscle
muskeln muscles
muskuloes brawny
musse leisure
muster sample
mut audacity
mutig audacious
mutiplizieren multiply
mutlosigkeit chill
mutter mother
mutterschaft maternity
muttersprache mother-tongue
myrrhe myrrh
mystisch mystic
mythen myths
mythos myth
nabe hub
nabel navel
nach after
nachahmend simulating
nachahmung imitation
nachahmungen imitations
nachbar neighbor
nachbarlich neighborly
nachbarn neighbors
nachbarschaft neighborhood
nachbarschaften vicinities
nachbilden emulate
nachbildend cloning
nachbildung emulation
nachdem having
nachdenken cogitate
nachdenkend meditating
nachdenklich contemplative
nachdruck emphasis
nachdruecklich emphatic
nacherwaermen reheat
nacherwaermung reheat
nachforschung search
nachgeahmt emulated
nachgebend relenting
nachgebildet cloned
nachgedacht meditated
nachgegeben relented
nachgeladene downloaded
nachgelassen slackened
nachgemacht counterfeit
nachher afterwards
nachkomme descendant
nachkommen descendants
nachlaessig neglectful
nachlaessigkeit negligence
nachlaessigkeiten negligences
nachlass bequest
nachlassen fade
nachlassend slackening
nachmachend counterfeiting
nachmittag afternoon
nachmittags pm
nachname surname
nachnamen surnames
nachricht news
nachrichten newscast
nachschleppen drag
nachsicht charities
nachsichtig indulgent
nacht night
nachteil disadvantage
nachteile disadvantages
nachteinbruch nightfall
nachthemd nighties
nachtigall nightingale
nachtigallen nightingales
nachtisch dessert
nachtmuetze nightcap
nachtmuetzen nightcaps
nachtwache vigil
nachtwachen vigils
nachwirkung aftermath
nachwirkungen aftermathes
nachwort epilogue
nacken neck
nackt bare
nacktheit nakedness
nadel needle
nadelbaeume conifers
nadelbaum conifer
nadeln needles
naechste nearest
naechstes next
naechte nights
naechtlich nightly
naegel nails
naehe nearness
naehen stitch
naehend needling
naeher nearer
naeherin seamstress
naeherinnen seamstresses
naehern approach
naehernd approaching
naehert approaches
naehmaschine sewing-machine
naehren nourish
naehrend nourishing
naehrmittel nutriments
naehrt nourishes
naeht stitches
naerrisch foolish
nagel nail
nagelneu brand-new
nagen gnaw
nagend gnawing
nagetiere rodents
nagt gnaws
nahe near
nahezu nearly
nahm took
nahrhaft nutritious
nahrung nourishment
naht seam
naiv naive
name name
namen names
namenlos nameless
namens behalf
namensvetter namesake
namensvettern namesakes
namentlich namely
namentliche nominal
namhaft well-known
narbe scar
narben scars
narbig scarred
narkose narcosis
narkotisierend narcotic
narr fool
narzisse daffodil
narzissen daffodils
nasal nasal
nase nose
nasen noses
nasenloch nostril
nasenloecher nostrils
nasenstueber fillip
nass wet
nasser wetter
nation nation
national nationally
nationale national
nationalitaet nationality
nationalitaetbezogene nationalized
nationalitaeten nationalities
natter viper
nattern vipers
natuerlich naturally
natuerlicher naturallier
natuerlichkeit naturalness
natuerlichkeiten naturalnesses
natuerlichste naturalliest
natur nature
naturalist naturalist
naturalisten naturalists
nautisch nautical
navigation navigation
nebel fog
neben beside
neben- auxiliary
nebeneinander abreast
nebeneinkuenfte perquisites
nebengebaeude outbuilding
nebenhandlung underplot
nebenhandlungen underplots
nebensaechlich negligible
neblig foggy
nebligste foggiest
necken banter
neckend bantering
neckt banters
neffe nephew
neffen nephews
negativ negative
neger blackamoors
negerin negress
negerinnen negresses
nehmen keep
nehmend catching
neid envy
neidisch envious
neigend slanting
neigt slants
neigung aptitude
neigungen aptitudes
nein no
neopren neoprene
neppend vamping
neppt vamps
nerv nerve
nerven nerve
nervend nerving
nervoes jumpily
nervositaet flurry
nervositaeten nervousnesses
nervt nerves
nervte nerved
nerz mink
nerze minks
nessel nettle
nesseln nettles
nest nest
nett neat
netter jollier
netteste jolliest
nettigkeit neatness
netz net
netze nets
netzwerke networks
neu afresh
neu- re
neuanpassung readjustment
neuanpassungen readjustments
neuartig innovative
neubooten rebooting
neudefinition redefinition
neuerdings latterly
neuerung denouement
neuerungen innovations
neuformatieren reformat
neugierde curiosity
neugierig curious
neugierigste nosiest
neuheit novelty
neuheiten novelties
neuigkeiten news
neuinstallation reinstalling
neuinstallieren reinstall
neulich recently
neuling greenhorn
neulinge novices
neun nine
neunte ninth
neuntens ninthly
neunzehn nineteen
neunzig ninety
neurose neurosis
neustarten restart
neuste newest
neutral neutral
neutralisieren neutralize
neutralisierend neutralizing
neutralisiert neutralized
neutralitaet neutrality
neutrum neuter
nicht non
nichtachtung disrespect
nichte niece
nichten nieces
nichtgewerblich noncommercial
nichtigkeit nullity
nichtigkeiten nullities
nichtraucher nonsmoker
nichts nothing
nichtsdestoweniger nevertheless
nichtsein nonentities
nichtssagend unmeaning
nichtssein nonentity
nickel nickel
nie never
niedergemetzelt massacred
niederlage defeat
niederlagen discomfitures
niedermetzelnd massacring
niederschlagen condense
niedrig low
niedrigerer lower
niemals never
niemand nobody
niesen sneeze
niesend sneezing
niest sneezes
nimmt cashes
nippel nipple
nippen sip
nippend sipping
nippt sips
nirgends nowhere
nische alcove
nischen alcoves
nisten nestle
nistend nestling
nistet nestles
niveau level
nixe mermaid
nixen mermaids
noch nor
nocken cam
nockenwelle camshaft
noerdlich northerly
noergeln nag
noergelnd nagging
noergelt nags
noete hardships
noetig neccessary
nonnenkloster nunneries
nord north
norden north
normal normal
normalerweise normally
normalisieren normalize
normalisierend normalizing
normalisiert normalizes
normalisierte normalized
norwaerts northwards
norwegisch norwegian
not hardship
not- emergency
notar notary
notare notaries
notbefelf makeshift
notbehelfe makeshifts
notierend noting
notiert noted
notierte noticed
notizblaetter notepads
notizblatt notepad
notizbuch note-book
notizbuecher notebooks
notizen notices
notizpapier notepaper
notlager shakedown
notwendig necessary
notwendigerweise necessarily
notwendigkeit necessary
notwendigkeiten necessities
november november
nudel noodle
nudeln noodles
nuechtern jejune
nuechternheit soberness
nuesse nuts
nuetzen utilize
nuetzend profitting
nuetzende benefiting
nuetzlich beneficial
nuetzlichkeit usefulness
nuetzt benefits
null null
nullast no-load
numerisch numeric
numerische numerical
nummer number
nummerierend numbering
nummeriert numbered
nummerierung numeration
nummerierungen numerations
nummern numbers
nun now
nur only
nuss nut
nussig nuttily
nussknacker nutcracker
nussschale nutshell
nussschalen nutshells
nut groove
nutte slut
nutten sluts
nutzanwendungen utilizations
nutzbarkeit usability
nutzbarmachung utilization
nutzen utilize
nutzlast payload
nutzlos needless
o-Ring o-seal
oK okay
oTL otl
oase oasis
oasen oases
ob if
oben above
oberbegriff genus
oberer superior
oberfaechen surfaces
oberflaeche surface
oberflaechlich superficial
obergrenze ceiling
oberhalb above
oberleitungsfahrzeug trolleys
oberlicht skylight
oberteil entablature
obgleich although
objekte objects
obliegend incumbent
obligation bond
obst fruit
obstgarten orchard
obstkuchen fruitcakes
obszoen obscene
obwohl although
ochse bullock
ochsen oxen
ochsenschwanz oxtail
oder or
oede bleak
oefen ovens
oeffentlich public
oeffnen unclose
oeffnend opening
oeffner opener
oeffnet opens
oeffnung aperture
oeffnungen apertures
oel oil
oelig oilily
oelkanal oilway
oertlich local
oertlichkeit locality
oertlichkeiten localities
oestlich eastern
ofen oven
offen candidly
offenbar manifest
offenbaren reveal
offenbarend manifesting
offenbart disclosed
offenbarte manifested
offenbarung disclosure
offenbarungen revelations
offengelegt unfolded
offenheit frankness
offenlegen unfold
offenlegend unfolding
offensichtlich evident
offiziell offical
oft frequently
oh, ohm
ohantome phantoms
ohm ohms
ohne devoid
ohnmacht swoon
ohr ear
oktober oct
olive olive
oliven olives
oma granny
onkel uncle
oper opera
operand operand
operanden operands
opern operas
opfer sacrifice
opfernd sacrificing
opfert sacrifices
optiker optician
optimal optimum
optimieren optimalize
optimierend optimizing
optimierer optimizer
optimiert optimized
optimierung optimization
optimierungen optimizations
optimismus optimism
optimistisch optimistic
optimum optimum
optional optionally
optionen options
optisch optical
orange orange
orchidee orchid
orden medal
ordentlich fair
ordernd ordering
ordnen tabulate
ordnend tabulating
ordner formatters
ordnet tabulates
ordnungs- ordinal
organisation organization
organisationen organizations
organisatorisch organizational
organisch organic
organisieren organize
organisierend organizing
organisiert organized
orgel organ
orgeln organs
orgie orgy
orgien orgies
orientieren orientate
orientierend orientating
orientiert orientates
orientierte orientated
orientierung orientation
original orginal
originalitaet originality
originell originally
ort place
osten east
ostern easter
oszilator oscillator
otter otter
ottern otters
outzend furbishing
oval oval
ovale ovals
overlay overlay
oxydation oxidation
ozean ocean
ozon ozone
pGDN pgdn
pGUP pgup
paar couple
paare pairs
pachtzins rent
packen grapple
packend grappling
packer packer
packt grapples
packte grasped
packungen packages
paddelboot canoe
paddelboote canoes
paechter tenant
paesse passports
paffen whiff
paffend whiffing
pafft whiffs
paket parcel
pakete packets
paketieren packet
palette pallete
paletten palettes
pampelmuse grapefruit
panisch panic
panne break-down
panther panther
pantoffel clog
pantoffeln clogs
papagei parrot
papageien parrots
papier paper
papiere papers
papierstau jam
pappa dad
pappe pasteboard
paradies paradise
paradiese paradises
paragraphen paragraphs
parallel parallel
parameter parameter
parfuem perfume
parfuemierend perfuming
parfuemierte perfumed
parfuems perfumes
paritaet parity
park park
parkend parking
parkt parks
partie party
partner mate
partnerschaft partnership
pascal pascal
pass passport
passage passage
passagen passages
passagier passenger
passagiere passengers
passend aptly
passfeder key
passiert passes
passiv passive
passstueck adaptor
passt suits
passung fit
passwoerter passwords
passwort password
pasten pastes
pasteten pastries
patenkind godchild
patentloesungen nostrums
patin godmother
patrone cartridge
pause pause
pausen recesses
pausierend pausing
pausiert paused
pavian baboon
paviane baboons
pedantisch pedanticly
peinlich painful
peitsche lash
peitschen flog
peitschend flogging
peitscht flogs
pelikan pelican
pelikane pelicans
pelz fur
pelze furs
pelzjaeger trapper
pendelnd shuttling
penibel squeamish
pensionaer pensionary
pensionaere pensionaries
perfekt perfect
perforation perforation
perforationen perforations
pergament parchment
periode period
perioden cycles
periodisch periodic
periskop periscope
perle bead
perlen beads
perlmutt nacre
peroenlichkeiten identities
persoenlich personal
persoenlichkeit personality
persoenlichkeiten personalities
person person
personal staff
personen persons
perspektiven perspectives
peruecke periwig
peruecken periwigs
perversitaet perversity
petersilie parsley
pfad path
pfade paths
pfadfinder scout
pfadname pathname
pfadnamen pathnames
pfand mortgage
pfanne pan
pfannen pans
pfannkuchen pancakes
pfarrer parson
pfeffer pepper
pfefferminz peppermint
pfeglinge nurselings
pfeifen whistle
pfeifend whistling
pfeifer piper
pfeift whistles
pfeil arrow
pfeile arrows
pfennig penny
pferd horse
pferde horses
pfingsten pentecost
pfirsich peach
pfirsiche peaches
pflanze plant
pflanzen plant
pflanzend implanting
pflanzt implants
pflanzung plantation
pflanzungen plantations
pflaster plaster
pflastern pave
pflasternd paving
pflastert paves
pflaume plum
pflaumen plums
pflaumenmus plum-jam
pflege nurture
pflegen cherish
pflegend cherishing
pfleglinge nurslings
pflegt cherishes
pflicht duty
pflichten duties
pflichtgemaess obligatorily
pfluegen plow
pfluegt ploughs
pflug plough
pfoertner ushers
pfote paw
pfoten paws
pfuetze puddle
pfuetzen puddles
pfui! fie
pfund pound
pfuschen fudge
pfuschend fudging
pfuscht fudges
phantasie fancy
phantasien fancies
phantasten visionaries
phantastisch fanciful
phantom phantom
phase phase
phasen phases
philosophie philosophy
philosophien philosophies
philosophieren philosophize
philosophierend philosophizing
philosophiert philosophizes
philosophierte philosophized
phonetisch phonetical
phosphor phosphor
photo photo
photograf photograph
photografien photos
photographierend photographing
photokopie photocopy
phrasen phrases
physik physics
physikalisch physically
physiker physicist
physisch physical
pica pica
picnic picnic
pilger pilgrim
pille pill
pillen pills
pilot pilot
piloten pilots
pilz mushroom
pinguin penguin
pinguine penguins
pins pins
pinzette tweezers
pirat pirate
pistole pistol
pistolen pistols
pistolentasche holster
pistolentaschen holsters
pixel pixel
plaedieren plead
plaedierend pleading
plaedierte pleaded
plaetzchen cookies
plaetze sites
plagend bothering
plakat poster
plan blueprint
planend planning
planer planner
planschen swash
plantschend swashing
plantscht swashes
plappern chatter
plappernd chattering
plappert chatters
platin platinum
platschen plash
platschend plashing
platscht plashes
platte plate
platten platters
platz place
platzanweiserin usherette
platzen burst
platzend bursting
platzierung placement
platzt bursts
plauderei confabulation
plaudern chat
plaudernd nattering
plaudert natters
plaudertasche chatterbox
plazierend placing
plaziert placed
plexiglas perspex
ploetzlich abrupt
ploetzliche sudden
plotter plotters
pluederung pillage
pluendern harry
pluendernd harrying
pluendert harries
pluenderung depredation
pluenderungen depredations
pluesch plush
plump clownish
plumpsen bump
plus plus
pocken smallpox
poebel mob
poet poet
pokal goblet
pokale goblets
polemisch polemic
politik politics
politisch political
politur polish
polizei police
polizist bobby
polizisten bobbies
polsternd padding
populaer popular
poroes porous
portier janitor
portiers janitors
portion serving
portionen servings
porto postage
portrait portrait
portraits portraits
ports ports
porzellan porcelain
posaune trombone
posaunen trombones
position position
positionen positions
positionierend positioning
positioniert positioned
positiv positively
post mailing
postalisch postal
poster poster
postkarte postcard
postkarten postcards
postkasten mailbox
potpourri medly
potpourries medlies
pracht magnificence
praechtig gorgeous
praegend minting
praegt mints
praemie bonus
praemien premiums
praesent present
praesentation presentation
praesentiert presents
praesident president
praezedenzfall precedent
praezision precision
prahlen boast
prahlend boasting
prahlerisch vainglorious
prahlt boasts
praktiken practices
praktisch practical
praktizierend practising
praktiziert practises
praktizierte practised
prall plump
pranger pillory
praxis practice
prediger preacher
predigt sermon
predigten sermons
preis fee
preise prices
preisgestaltung pricing
preisliste price-list
preislos priceless
preisrichter jury
preisselbeeren cranberries
preiswert inexpensive
presse press
pressen huddle
pressend huddling
presst huddles
priester priest
primel primrose
primeln primroses
primitive primitive
prinz prince
prinzip principle
prisma prism
pritsche slapstick
pritschen slapsticks
privat private
pro per
probe probe
probend rehearsing
probierend sampling
probiert samples
probierte sampled
problem problem
probleme problems
probt rehearses
produkt product
produkte products
produktion production
produktiv productive
produktivitaet productivity
professionell professional
profil profile
profitiert profits
programm program
programme programs
programmierbar programmable
programmierend programming
programmierer programmer
programmiert programmed
projektor projector
prolog prolog
promenade boardwalk
prophet seer
propheten seers
prophezeien prophesy
prophezeiend auguring
prophezeit augurs
prophezeite presaged
prophezeiung augury
prophezeiungen auguries
proportional proportional
prospekt prospectus
protokoll protocol
protokolle protocols
proviant provisions
prozedur procedure
prozeduren procedures
prozent percent
prozentrechnen percentages
prozess litigation
prozesse litigations
prozessor processor
prozessoren processors
prtSc printscreen
pruefen check
pruefend checking
pruefstein touchstone
pruefsteine touchstones
prueft checks
pruefung examination
pruefungen examinations
pruegeln thrash
pruegelnd thrashing
pruegelt canes
prunkvoll pompous
publikationen publications
publikum audience
pudel poodle
puder powder
puenktchen jot
puenktlich punctual
puenktlichkeit punctuality
puff buffet
puffer buffer
pufferinhalt queue
pult console
pulver powder
pumpe pump
pumpen pump
pumpt pumps
punkt dot
punkte points
punktiert dotted
pupille pupil
puppe doll
puppen dollies
putzen brush
putzfrau charwoman
putzfrauen charwomen
putzt furbishes
pyramide pyramid
pyramiden pyramids
quacksalberei quackery
quacksalbereien quackeries
quadrant quadrant
quadrat square
quaelen agonize
quaelend agonizing
quaelt agonizes
quaelte smote
quaken quack
quakend quacking
quakt quacks
qual agony
qualen agonies
qualitaet quality
qualitaeten qualities
qualm fume
quarantaene quarantine
quarkspeise junket
quartett quartet
quartette quartets
quartiermeister quartermaster
quasseln yap
quasselnd yapping
quasselt yaps
quast tassel
quaste tassels
quatsch nonsense
quecksilber mercury
quellen sources
quellend welling
quellgebiete headwaters
quengelig grouchy
quengeln grouch
quengelnd grouching
quengelt grouches
querschnitt cross-section
querstrasse cross-road
querstrich slash
quetschen squish
quetschend bruising
quetscht bruises
quieken squeak
quiekend squeaking
quiekt squeaks
quillt wells
quitte quince
quitten quinces
quittung quittance
quittungen quittances
quiz quiz
quote quote
quotient quotient
rEADONLY readonly
rabatt rebate
rabatte rebates
rabbiner rabbis
rabe raven
raben ravens
rache revenge
rachsuechtig revengeful
racker varmint
rad wheel
radar radar
radfahrend bicycling
radiergummi eraser
radio radio
radioaktiv radio-active
radius radius
raechen avenge
raechend avenging
raecht avenges
raedelsfuehrer ringleader
raeder wheels
raedrig wheeled
raekeln loll
raekelnd lolling
raekelt lolls
raendeln knurl
raender boarders
raet advises
raetsel enigma
raetselhaft enicmatical
raeuber robber
raeuberei robbery
raeubereien robberies
raeuberisch predatorily
raeudig mangily
raeumen evacuate
raeumend evacuating
raeumt evacuates
raeumungen removals
raffiniert cagey
rahmen frame
rakete rocket
raketen rockets
ram ram
ramdisk ramdisk
ramdisks ramdisks
rampe ramp
rampen ramps
rampenlicht footlights
rand boarder
randalierend rioting
randalierer rioter
range romp
rangen romps
rangieren shunt
rangierend shunting
rangiert shunts
rangierte shunted
ranke tendril
ranken tendrils
ranzig rancid
rar rare
raritaeten curiosities
rasch quick
rascheln rustle
raschelnd rustling
raschelt rustles
rasen rave
rasenbedeckt sodded
rasend raving
rasereien furies
rasierapparat razor
rasierapparate razors
rasieren shave
rasierend shaving
rasiert shaves
rasierte shaved
raspeln rasp
raspelnd rasping
raspelt rasps
rasse race
rasseln rattle
rasselnd rattling
rasselt rattles
raster graticule
rastern grate
rasterung grating
rasuren shavings
rat advice
raten advise
ratend advising
ratgeber adviser
rathaeuser guildhalls
rathaus guildhall
rationalisieren rationalize
rationalisierend rationalizing
rationalisiert rationalizes
ratlos helpless
ratsam advisable
ratschlag advice
ratte rat
ratten rats
raub rape
rauben rob
raubend raping
raubt rapes
rauch reek
rauchend fuming
raucher smoker
rauchig smokily
raucht fumes
rauchte fumed
raufen scuffle
raufend scuffling
rauft scuffles
rauh inclement
rauheit roughness
rauhheit acerbity
raum room
raupe caterpillar
raupen caterpillars
rausch intoxication
rauschen sough
rauschend soughing
rauschgift drug
rauscht soughs
rauschte soughed
rauten lozenges
rautenzeichen hash
rautezeichen lozenge
reagieren react
reagierend reacting
reagiert reacts
reagierte reacted
reaktion reaction
reaktionen reactions
reaktiviert reactivated
realisieren implement
realisierung implementation
realismus realism
realistisch realistic
realitaeten realities
rebell rebel
rebellen rebels
rebellierend rebelling
rebellierte rebelled
rebellisch rebellious
rechnen comput
rechnend computing
rechner calculator
rechnet reckons
rechnung account
rechnungen bills
rechte rights
rechteck rectangle
rechtecke rectangles
rechteckig oblong
rechterhand righthand
rechtfertigend justifying
rechtfertigt justifies
rechtfertigung vindication
rechtfertigungen justifications
rechtlich legal
rechtmaessigkeit legitimacy
rechtsanwaelte barristers
rechtsanwalt barrister
rechtsprechung jurisdiction
rechtzeitig timely
rede monologue
redegewandtheit volubility
redegewandtheiten volubilities
redekuenste elocutions
redekunst oratory
reden discourse
redet discourses
redlichkeit probity
redner orator
reduzieren reduce
referenzen references
reflektieren reflect
reflektierend reflecting
reflektiert reflected
reflektion reflection
reflektor reflector
reflexionen reflections
reform reform
reformen reformations
reformierend reforming
reformiert reforms
reformierte reformed
regal shelf
regel rule
regelmaessig regular
regelmaessigkeit regularity
regelmaessigkeiten regularities
regeln precepts
regelnd managing
regelt manages
regelwidrig anomalously
regen rain
regenbogen rainbow
regenerator regenerator
regenmaentel mackintoshs
regenmantel mackintosh
regennmaentel raincoats
regenschirm umbrella
regenschirme umbrellas
regieren reign
regierend reigning
regiert reigns
regierte reigned
regierung government
register registers
registrationen registrations
registriert registered
registrierung registering
regler governor
regnen rain
regnend raining
regnerisch rainily
regnet rains
regulaer regular
regulieren regulate
regulierung regulation
regulierungen regulations
regungslos motionless
reiben chafe
reibend chafing
reibt chafes
reibung friction
reich affluent
reichend reaching
reichlich abound
reicht reaches
reichtuemer opulences
reichtum opulence
reif mature
reife maturity
reifen hoop
reifend maturing
reift matures
reihe rank
reihen rows
reihend ranking
reiher heron
reiht ranks
reim rhyme
reime rimes
rein chaste
reinigen purge
reinigend cleaning
reinigt cleans
reinste cleanest
reis rice
reise journey
reisefuehrer guide
reisen travel
reisend touring
reisende travelers
reisender traveler
reisetasche valise
reisetaschen valises
reissen rend
reissend wrenching
reisser thriller
reisst wrenches
reisszwecke thumbtack
reist travels
reiszwecke thumbtacks
reiter horseman
reiterei cavalry
reitereien cavalries
reitstiefel jackboots
reiz charm
reizbar excitable
reizbarer excitablier
reizen tease
reizend charming
reizlos unattractive
reizloser unattarctivier
reizloseste uncomeliest
reizt excites
rekenschirm umbrella
reklame advertisement
reklameschoenheit glamour-girl
rekonfiguriert reconfigured
rekonstruieren reconstruct
rekonstruiert reconstructed
relativ relative
religioes religious
religion religion
religon religion
renn- racing
renovieren redecorate
renovierend redecorating
renoviert redecorates
renovierte redecorated
reorganisation reorganization
reorganisieren reorganize
reorganisierend reorganizing
reorganisiert reorganized
reparatur repair
reparieren repair
repariert repaires
reperaturwerkstaette repair-shop
repraesentation representation
repraesentativ representative
repraesentierend representing
repraesentiert represented
repressalie reprisal
repressalien reprisals
reproduktion reproduction
reproduktionen reproductions
reproduzieren reproduces
reproduzierend reproducing
reptil reptil
reptile reptils
reservieren dedicate
reserviert reserved
reservierung reservation
reservierungen reservations
resident resident
resignation resignation
resonanz resonance
resonanzen resonances
respektierend respecting
respektiert respects
respektlos irreverent
rest remainder
restaurant restaurant
restauriert restores
restaurierung restoration
reste leavings
resultat result
retionalisierte rationalized
retten salve
rettend rescuing
retter savers
rettet rescues
rettich radish
rettiche radishs
rettung rescue
rettungen salvations
rettungsboot lifeboat
rettungsboote lifeboats
rettungsgurt lifebelt
reue penitence
reuevoll contrite
reuig penitent
reuse weir
reusen weirs
revision revision
revolution revolution
revolutionaer revolutionary
revolver gat
rezept recipe
rezepte recipes
rhabarber rhubarb
rhetorik elocution
rhythmen rhythms
rhythmisch rhythmic
rhythmus rhythm
richter judge
richtig correct
richtigkeit trueness
richtung direction
richtungen directions
riechen smell
riechend smelling
riecht smells
riegel bolt
riemen strap
riese giant
riesenhaft gigantic
riesenhaftigkeit hugeness
riesig giant
riff reef
riffe reefs
rinde bark
rinden rinds
rindfleisch beef
ring ring
ringbuch loose-leaf
ringfoermig annular
ringkaempfe wrestlings
ringkampf wrestling
ringt wrests
rinne groove
rinnsal runlet
rinnsale runlets
rippe rib
rippen ribs
risiken ventures
risiko risk
riskierend venturing
riskierte ventured
riss tore
risse crannies
ritt ride
ritterlich knightly
rittersporn larkspur
rituell ritual
ritz cranny
ritzel pinion
rivale rival
rivalen rivals
robben seals
roboter robot
robust tough
robustheit robustness
rock skirt
rodeln toboggan
rodelnd tobogganing
rodelt toboggans
roecke skirts
roehre tube
roehren tubes
roehrenfoermig tubular
roentgenbild radiograph
roentgenbilder radiographs
roesten parch
roestend parching
roestet parchs
roete redness
roeten redden
roetend reddening
roetet reddens
roetlich reddish
roggen rye
roh raw
roher rawer
rohest rawest
rohputz roughcast
rollbahn runway
rolle role
rollen trundle
rollend trundling
roller scooter
rollschuh roller-skate
rollt rolls
rolltreppe escalator
rosa pink
rose rose
rosen roses
rosine raisin
rosinen raisins
rosinenbroetchen buns
rost gridiron
rosten oxidize
rostend oxidizing
rostet oxidizes
rostfrei rustless
rostig rustily
rot red
rotation rotation
rotierend rotating
rotiert rotates
rotkehlchen redbreast
rotkopf redhead
routine routine
routinen routines
rubinrot ruby
rubrik rubric
ruck flip
ruckartig fitful
ruder oar
ruderer oarsman
rudern scull
rudernd sculling
rudert sculls
ruebe turnip
rueben beets
rueckberechnen recalculate
rueckberechnet recalculated
rueckbezeichnen redesignate
rueckblick retrospect
ruecken back
rueckfahrkarte return-ticket
rueckfall relapse
rueckfuehrung reduction
rueckgang regression
rueckgrat backbone
rueckgriff fallback
rueckhand backhand
rueckkaeufe redemptions
rueckkauf redemption
rueckkehr returning
rueckkopplung feedback
ruecklaeufig retrograde
rueckplatte backplate
rueckrechnend recalculating
rueckrufen recall
rueckschritt regress
rueckschritte regresses
rueckseite backside
rueckseiten backsides
ruecksicht regard
ruecksichtslos inconsiderate
ruecktritt recession
ruecktritte recessions
rueckversichern reinsure
rueckversichernd reinsuring
rueckversichert reinsures
rueckversicherte reinsured
rueckwaertig rearward
rueckwaerts aback
rueckweisen repel
rueckweisung rejection
rueckwirkend retroactive
rueckzahlung repayment
rueckzahlungen repayments
rueckzuege withdrawals
rueckzug retreat
ruehmen vaunt
ruehmend vaunting
ruehmt vaunts
ruehren stir
ruehrend stiring
ruehrselig maudlin
ruehrt stirs
ruesche quilling
rueschen quillings
ruestig hale
ruf fame
rufen call
ruft calls
rufzeichen callsign
ruhe quiescence
ruhelos restless
ruhen repose
ruhend dormant
ruhig calm
ruhiger quieter
ruhm fame
ruht reposes
ruhte reposed
ruin bane
rumpeln rumble
rumpelnd rumbling
rumpelt rumbles
rund round
runddichtung o-seal
runde round
rundend rounding
rundfunk broadcast
rundlich chubbily
runzel wrinkle
runzelnd wrinkling
runzelt wrinkles
russig sootily
russisch russian
russland russia
rute rod
ruten rods
sCHWARZ black
saal hall
sabdale sandal
sabotieren ratten
sabotierend rattening
sabotiert rattens
sabotierte rattened
sachdienlich pertinent
sache matter
sachen things
sachlich objective
sack sack
sacken sag
sackend sagging
sackt sags
sadismus sadism
saebel sabre
saecke sacks
saeen seed
saeend seedling
saefte juices
saege saw
saegen sawes
saegend sawing
saegespaene sawdust
saegewerk sawmill
saele halls
saemlinge seedlings
saemtlich altogether
saenger singer
saerge coffins
saet seeds
saettigen sate
saettigend sating
saettigt sates
saeubern cleanup
saeuerlich sourish
saeuernd souring
saeugetier mammal
saeugetiere mammals
saeugling nurseling
saeume hems
saeumen hem
saeure acid
saeuren acids
safran saffron
saft juice
saftig juicily
saftlos sapless
sagen say
sagend saying
sagenhaft fabulous
sagt says
sagte said
sah saw
sahne cream
sahnebonbon toffee
sahnebonbons toffees
salat salad
salate salads
salbe ointment
salben oinments
salbung unction
salbungen unctions
salbungsvoll unctuous
salopp rakish
salpeter nitre
salz salt
salzend salting
salzig salty
salzt salts
samen sperm
sammeln gather
sammelnd collecting
sammelrohr manifold
sammelt collects
sammelte gathered
sammler collector
sammlung assemblage
sammlungen assemblages
samstag saturday
samstage saturdays
samt velvet
samtig velvety
sanatorien sanitariums
sanatorium sanitarium
sand sand
sandalen sandals
sandaletten sneakers
sandig sandily
sanduhr hourglas
sanft bland
sanftmuetig gentle
sanftmut meekness
saphir sapphire
saphire sapphires
sardelle anchovy
sardine sardine
sardinen sardines
sarg coffin
satellit satellite
satelliten satellites
satin sateen
satire satire
satiren satires
satiriker satirist
sattel saddle
satteln saddle
sattelt saddles
satz phrase
satzung statute
satzungen statutes
sauber clean
sauberer cleaner
sauberkeit cleanliness
sauer sour
saugen suck
saugend sucking
saugfaehig absorbent
saugt sucks
scale scale
schablone stencil
schablonen stencils
schach chess
schachmatt checkmate
schacht duct
schachtel box
schaden damage
schadend harming
schadet harms
schaebig pokily
schaebiger shabbier
schaebigste shabbiest
schaedel skull
schaeden damages
schaedigend injuring
schaedigt injures
schaedlich harmfull
schaefer shepherd
schaelen pare
schaelend hulling
schaelt hulls
schaemen blush
schaendlich disgraceful
schaendlichkeit turpitude
schaendlichkeiten turpitudes
schaerfe keenness
schaerfen sharpen
schaerfend sharpening
schaerfer sharper
schaerft sharpens
schaetzen appraise
schaetzend appraising
schaetzenswert estimable
schaetzt appraises
schaetzte appreciated
schaetzung appraisal
schaetzungen estimations
schaetzwerte valuations
schaeume scums
schaeumend foaming
schaeumt foams
schaf sheep
schafe sheep
schaffen create
schaffend constituting
schafsfell sheepskin
schafsfelle sheepskins
schaft shank
schakal jackal
schakale jackals
schal scarf
schale bowl
schalen bowls
schall- sonic
schalldaempfer silencer
schallplatte record
schals scarfs
schaltend switching
schalter switch
schaltet toggles
schaltjahr leap-year
schaltkreis circuit
schamhaft shamefaced
schamlos shameless
schande disgrace
schar shoal
scharf acrid
scharfsinn astuteness
scharfsinnig astute
schatten shade
schattierend shading
schattierte shaded
schattig shadily
schatz treasure
schatzkammer treasury
schatzkammern treasuries
schaudern shudder
schaudernd shivering
schaudert shivers
schauer shower
schauern showers
schaufel shovel
schaufeln scoop
schaufelnd scooping
schaufelt scoops
schaukelnd rocking
schaum foam
schaumig foamily
schauplaetze scenes
schauplatz stage
schauspiel spectacle
schauspiele spectacles
schauspieler actor
schauspielerin actress
schauspielhaeuser playhouses
schauspielhaus playhouse
schaut looks
scheck cheque
scheckig brindle
schecks cheques
scheibchenweise sliced
scheibe pane
scheiben panes
scheide scabbard
scheiden scabbards
scheidung divorce
scheidungen divorces
schein shine
schein- pseudo
scheinbar apparently
scheinen seem
scheinend seeming
scheinheilig sanctimonious
scheint seems
scheinwerferlicht headlight
scheinwerferlichter headlights
schellfisch haddock
schelmisch waggish
schelte wigging
schelten chide
schema scheme
schematisch diagrammatic
schemel stool
schemen schemes
schenkel shank
schenken donate
schenkend donating
schenkt donates
schere scissors
scherz joke
scherze pleasantries
scherzen frolic
scherzend frolicing
scherzhaft jocose
scherzt frolics
scheu shy
scheune barn
scheusslich atrocious
schicht stratum
schichten layers
schichtend layering
schick chic
schicksal destiny
schicksale destinies
schieben shove
schiebend shoving
schiebkarre wheel-barrow
schiebt shoves
schiedsrichter referee
schief skew
schien evidenced
schiene rail
schiessend shooting
schiessereien shootings
schiesst shoots
schiff ship
schiffahrt navy
schiffbar navigable
schiffbruechig shipwrecked
schiffchen shuttle
schiffe ships
schiffs- marine
schiffswerft shipyard
schiffswerften shipyards
schikane chicane
schikanen chicanes
schild shield
schilder shields
schildert depicts
schilderung description
schildkroete tortoise
schildkroeten tortoises
schilf reed
schillernd iridescent
schimmer glances
schimmern glimmer
schimmernd gleaming
schimmert gleams
schimmerte gleamed
schimpfen inveigh
schimpfend inveighing
schimpft chides
schimpfte railed
schindel shingle
schindeln shingles
schinken ham
schinkenspeck bacon
schlacht fight
schlachten slaughter
schlachtend slaughtering
schlachtet slaughters
schlachthaus abattoir
schlacke slag
schlacken slags
schlacksig lanky
schlaefrig sleepily
schlaeft nods
schlaege percussions
schlaeger racket
schlaegereien batteries
schlaegt batters
schlaengeln worming
schlaengelnd wriggling
schlaengelt wriggles
schlaeuche hoses
schlaf sleep
schlafanzug nightgown
schlafen nod
schlafend asleep
schlafenszeit bedtime
schlaff flabbily
schlaffer flabbier
schlaffste flabbiest
schlaflied lullaby
schlaflieder lullabies
schlaflos sleepless
schlaflosigkeit insomnia
schlafplatz roost
schlafstellen roosts
schlafzimmer bedroom
schlag bash
schlagen batter
schlagend battering
schlagfertig glib
schlagfertigkeit repartee
schlagmann batsman
schlagwoerter catchwords
schlagwort catchword
schlamm mud
schlammig muddily
schlampe slattern
schlampen slatterns
schlampig sloppy
schlange serpent
schlangen serpents
schlank slenderly
schlau cleverly
schlauch hose
schlecht bad
schlechter worse
schlechteste worst
schleichen skulk
schleichend skulking
schleicht skulks
schleife loop
schleifen grind
schleifstein whetstone
schleifsteine whetstones
schleim mucus
schlendern roam
schlendernd roaming
schlendert roams
schleppen haul
schleppend hauling
schleppt hauls
schleuder catapult
schleudern fling
schleudernd hurling
schleudert hurls
schlicht artless
schliessen clause
schliessend closing
schliesser turnkey
schliesslich finally
schliesst closes
schlimm fatal
schlinge noose
schlingen nooses
schlitten skid
schlitz slit
schlitze slits
schlitzend slitting
schloesser castles
schloss castle
schlosser locksmith
schlucht gulch
schluchten gulches
schluchzen sob
schluchzend sobbing
schluchzt sobs
schluck gulp
schluckauf hiccough
schluckend swallowing
schluepfen slip
schluepfend slipping
schluepfer knickers
schluepfrig slipperily
schluepft slips
schluerft scuffs
schluesse conclusions
schluessel clef
schluesselbein collarbone
schluesselloch keyhole
schluesselloecher keyholes
schluesselwoerter keywords
schlummern nap
schlummernd napping
schlummert naps
schlummerte napped
schlurfen scuff
schlurfend scuffing
schluss conclusion
schmackhaft palatable
schmaechtig slender
schmal narrow
schmalz lard
schmarotzer parasite
schmeckend smacking
schmeckt smacks
schmeichelei taffy
schmeicheleien taffies
schmeicheln coax
schmeichelnd coaxing
schmeichelt coaxes
schmelzen liquefies
schmelzend liquefying
schmerotzer parasites
schmerz pain
schmerzen ache
schmerzend aching
schmerzhaft dolorous
schmerzlich painfully
schmerzlos painless
schmerzt aches
schmetterling butterfly
schmied blacksmith
schmiede smithy
schmiedeeisernes ironwork
schmieden smithies
schmiedeteil forging
schmieren daub
schmierend daubing
schmierfett grease
schmierig greasily
schmiermittel lubricant
schmiert daubs
schmierte greased
schmilzt melts
schmollen pout
schmollend pouting
schmollt pouts
schmorend stewing
schmort stews
schmuck trappings
schmuecken decorate
schmueckend decorating
schmueckt decorates
schmuggeln smuggle
schmuggelnd smuggling
schmuggelt smuggles
schmutz filth
schmutzig dingily
schnabel beak
schnalle buckle
schnappen nab
schnappend nabbing
schnappschuesse snapshots
schnappschuss snapshot
schnappt nabs
schnarchen snore
schnarchend snoring
schnarcht snores
schnattern cackle
schnatternd cackling
schnattert cackles
schnatterte gabbled
schnaufen wheeze
schnauze muzzle
schnauzen muzzles
schnecken snails
schnee snow
schneeball snowball
schneegloeckchen snowdrop
schneestuerme blizzards
schneesturm blizzard
schneiden cut
schneidend incisive
schneider tailor
schneidernd tailoring
schneidet cuts
schneidig dashing
schneiend snowing
schneit snows
schnell fast
schneller faster
schnelligkeit promptness
schnellstart quickstart
schnellste fastest
schnellstens expressly
schnibbeln whittle
schnibbelnd whittling
schnibbelt whittles
schnippend snipping
schnippisch snappish
schnippt snips
schnitt snip
schnitte slice
schnittlauch chive
schnittstelle interface
schnitzerei carving
schnoerkel flourish
schnueffeln sniff
schnueffelnd sniffing
schnueffelt sniffs
schnuere cords
schnuersenkel bootlace
schnur cord
schnurren purr
schnurrend purring
schnurrt purrs
schockierend shocking
schockiert shocks
schoen beautiful
schoenheit beauty
schoenheiten beauties
schoenschrift calligraphy
schoepferisch creative
schoepfung creation
schokolade chocolate
schon already
schonungslos unsparing
schorf scab
schornstein smokestack
schoss lap
schottenrock kilt
schottenroecke kilts
schraeg oblique
schraege bevel
schraenke lockers
schrank cupboard
schraube screw
schraubend screwing
schraubenlinie helix
schraubenschluessel spanner
schraubstock vice
schraubt screws
schraubzwinge vice
schreck fright
schrecken fright
schrecklich awful
schrei cry
schreiben write
schreibend typeing
schreiber clerk
schreibkraft typist
schreibmaschine typewriter
schreibt types
schreibtisch desktop
schreibwaren stationery
schreien scream
schreiend crying
schrein shrine
schreine shrines
schreiner carpenter
schreit clamors
schreiten tread
schreitend treading
schreitet treads
schrieb wrote
schrift script
schriftart font
schriftbreite width
schriften scripts
schriftsteller writer
schrill shrill
schrillend shrilling
schrillt shrills
schritt trod
schritte gaits
schroff brusque
schrumpelig wizen
schrumpfen shrink
schrumpfend shrivelling
schrumpft shrinks
schrumpfung shrinkage
schrumpfungen shrinkages
schruppend scrubbing
schruppt scrubs
schub thrust
schubkarre wheelbarrow
schubkarren wheelbarrow
schuechtern bashful
schuechternheit diffidence
schuechternheiten shynesses
schueler disciple
schuelerin schoolgirl
schuelerinnen schoolgirls
schuerze apron
schuerzen aprons
schuesse shots
schuessel dish
schuesseln dishes
schuetteln shake
schuettelnd shaking
schuettelt shakes
schuetzen guard
schuetzend patronizing
schuetzt protects
schuft rascal
schufte rascals
schuften plod
schuftend plodding
schuftet plods
schuh shoe
schuhanzieher shoehorn
schuhe shoes
schuhputzer shoeblack
schuhwichse shoeblacking
schuld debt
schulden owe
schuldet owes
schuldig guilty
schuldner debtor
schuldschein iou
schule school
schulen schools
schulmaessig scholastic
schulter shoulder
schultern shoulders
schulternd shouldering
schund shoddy
schuppen dandruff
schuppig scaly
schurke knave
schurken miscreants
schurkisch roguish
schuss shoot
schuster cobbler
schutt rubbish
schutz protection
schutzentfernung unprotection
schutzgebiet dependency
schutzgebiete dependencies
schwach feeble
schwacher weaker
schwaden swath
schwaeche foible
schwaechen debilitate
schwaechend debilitating
schwaecher weaklier
schwaechling weakling
schwaechlinge weaklings
schwaechste weakliest
schwaecht debilitates
schwaene swans
schwaenze tails
schwaerme bevies
schwaermer gusher
schwaermt raves
schwaerzen blacken
schwaerzt blackens
schwaetzen prate
schwaetzend prating
schwaetzer chatterer
schwaetzt gossips
schwalbe swallow
schwalben swallows
schwamm sponge
schwammig spongily
schwan swan
schwanger pregnantly
schwangerschaft pregnancy
schwanken falter
schwankend faltering
schwankt falters
schwankung fluctuation
schwanz tail
schwarm bevy
schwarz black
schwatzen blab
schwatzend blabbing
schwatzhaft garrulous
schwatzt blabs
schweben hover
schwebend hovering
schwebt hovers
schwebte hovered
schwedisch swedish
schwefel sulphur
schweigen silence
schweigend silently
schweigsam taciturn
schwein pig
schweine pigs
schweinerei rascality
schweinereien rascalities
schweinisch hoggish
schweinsleder pigskin
schweiss perspiration
schweissen weld
schweissend welding
schweisst welds
schweizerisch swiss
schwelen smoulder
schwelend smouldering
schwelle sill
schwellen swell
schwellung bulge
schwelt smoulders
schwer heavy
schwere gravity
schwerfaellig clumsy
schwerkraft gravitation
schwerlich gravely
schwermuetig melancholy
schwermut melancholy
schwert sword
schwerter swords
schwertfisch swordfish
schwester sister
schwesterlich sisterly
schwestern sisters
schwierig difficult
schwierigkeit difficulty
schwierigkeiten difficulties
schwimmend floating
schwindel bogus
schwindelig dizzily
schwindeln fib
schwindelnd giddy
schwindelt fibs
schwinden dwindle
schwindend dwindling
schwindet dwindles
schwingen oscillate
schwingend oscillating
schwingt oscillates
schwingungsknoten node
schwirren twang
schwirrend twanging
schwirrt twangs
schwitzen perspire
schwitzend perspiring
schwitzt perspires
schwoeren swear
schwoerend swearing
schwoert swears
schwuel muggily
schwueler muggier
schwuelste muggiest
schwungrad flywheel
schwur vow
sebstmord suicide
sechs six
sechste sixth
sechzehn sixteen
sechzehnte sixteenth
sechzig sixty
sechzigste sixtieth
see sea
see- naval
seekrank seasick
seele soul
seelen souls
seeleute navigators
seemann navigator
seen lakes
seereise voyage
seetuechtig seaworthy
seewaerts seaward
segel canvas
segelboot sailboat
segelflugzeug glider
segelflugzeuge gliders
segelnd sailing
segelt sails
segen boon
segler sailer
segment segment
segmente segments
segnet blesses
sehen view
sehend looking
sehne sinew
sehnen sinews
sehnend longing
sehnsucht yearning
sehnsuechtig wishful
sehnt longs
sehr very
seicht shallow
seide silk
seiden silken
seiden- silk
seidenraupe silkworm
seidenraupen silkworms
seiend being
seife soap
seifig soapily
seil rope
seilbahn ropeway
seile ropes
sein be
seine its
seit since
seite page
seiten pages
seiten-Nummerierung pagination
seitennummeriert paged
seitenumbruch pagebreak
seitenumbrueche pagebreaks
seitenweg byway
seitig sided
seitlich lateral
seitwaerts askance
sekretaer secretary
sekretaere secretaries
sektor sector
sektoren sectors
selbe same
selbst self
selbstaendig independent
selbstantwortend autoanswering
selbstbedienungsladen groceteria
selbstgefaelligkeit egotism
selbstgemacht homemade
selbstlos disinterested
selbstlosigkeit unselfishness
selbstsuechtig selfish
seligkeit beatitude
sellerie celery
selten infrequent
seltenheit curiosity
seltenheiten rarities
seltsam queer
seltsamkeit oddity
seltsamkeiten oddities
semikolon semicolon
seminar seminary
seminare seminaries
senden broadcast
sendend sending
sender emitter
sendet sends
sendung broadcasting
sendungen missions
senf mustard
sengen singe
sengt singes
senil senile
senkrecht perpendicular
senkrechte verticle
sensation sensation
sensationell sensational
sensationen sensations
sensationsdarsteller stuntman
sense scythe
sensen scythes
sentimental sentimental
sentimentalitaet sentimentality
september sept
sequentielle sequential
sequenzen sequences
seren serums
seriell serial
serien series
serum serum
serviette napkin
servietten napkins
sesshaft sedentarily
setzbar settable
setzend setting
setzt sets
seuche pestilence
seufzen sigh
seufzend sighing
seufzer sigh
seufzt sighs
shareware shareware
sichel sickle
sicheln sickles
sicher certainly
sichere safe
sicherer securer
sicherheit certainty
sicherheiten certainties
sichern backup
sichernd ensuring
sicherste safest
sichert ensures
sichtbar visually
sichtbarkeit visibility
sichtbarmachung visualize
sichtig sighted
sichtvermerk visa
sichtvermerke visas
sichtweiten visibilities
sickernd oozing
sickert oozes
sie them
sieb sieve
sieben seven
siebend sieving
siebt sieves
siebte seventh
siebzehn seventeen
siebzehnte seventeenth
siebzig seventy
sieden seethe
siedend seething
siedet seethes
siedler settler
siedlung colony
siedlungen colonies
sieg victory
siege victories
siegel seal
siegelnd sealing
siegelt seals
sieger victor
siegreich victorious
sieht sees
sieselbst yourself
signal signal
silbe syllable
silben syllables
silbentrennung hyphenation
silber silver
similieren simulate
simulation simulation
simuliert simulates
simulierte simulated
sind are
singen sing
sinkende sinking
sinn sense
sinnlich sensual
sinnlos senseless
sinus sine
sippe clan
sippen clans
sirene siren
sirenen sirens
sirup molasses
sitte custom
situationen situations
sitz fit
sitzbank bench
sitze seats
sitzen sit
sitzend sitting
sitzplatz seat
sitzt sits
sitzung session
sitzungen sessions
skandal scandal
skandale scandals
skelett skeleton
skelette skeletons
skeptiker sceptic
skeptisch sceptical
ski ski
skilaeufer skier
skilaufend skiing
skizzierend outlining
skizziert outlined
sklave drudge
sklaven drudges
sklaverei bondage
sklavereien servitudes
sklavisch slavish
skrupel scruple
skrupellos ruthless
skulptur sculpture
skulpturen sculptures
smaragd emerald
smaragde emeralds
smoking tuxedo
smokings tuxedos
so so
socke sock
sockel pedestal
socken socks
soehne sons
sofa settee
sofas settees
sofort immediate
software software
sog suction
sogar yet
sohlen soles
sohn son
solch such
soldat soldier
soldaten soldiers
solide solid
solist soloist
solisten soloists
sollte ought
solo standalone
sommer summer
sommerfrische summer-resort
sommerlich summerly
sommersprosse freckle
sommersprossen freckles
sommerwende midsummer
sonderbar weird
sonne sun
sonnen- solar
sonnenaufgang sunrise
sonnenfleck sunspot
sonnenschirm parasol
sonnenschirme parasols
sonnenstand sunset
sonnenstich sunstroke
sonnenstrahl sunbeam
sonnenstrahlen sunbeams
sonnenuntergaenge sunsets
sonnenuntergang sundown
sonnig sunny
sonntag sunday
sonst else
sonstwo elsewhere
sorge care
sorgen headaches
sorgfaeltig careful
sorglos careless
sorglosigkeit carelessness
sorgt worrys
sorgte cared
sortieren assort
sortierend assorting
sortiert assorts
sortierte assorted
sortiment assortment
sortimente assortments
sosse sauce
sossen dressings
sozialhilfe welfare
sozialhilfeempfaenger pauper
spaehen peer
spaehend peering
spaeht peers
spaehte peered
spaerlich spare
spaesse sprees
spaet late
spaeter afterward
spalte chink
spalten cleave
spaltend riving
spaltet rives
spaltete cleft
spaltung fission
spaltungen fissions
spanien spain
spanier spaniard
spanisch spanish
spannung tension
spannungen tensions
sparbuch bankbook
sparbuecher passbooks
spargel asparagus
sparsam spare
sparsamkeit thrift
sparsamkeiten thrifts
spass fun
spassen jest
spassend jesting
spassig joky
spasst jests
spassvogel joker
spaten spade
spatz sparrow
spatzen sparrows
spaziergang walk
spechte woodpeckers
speckschnitten rashers
spediteur remover
spediteure removers
speer javelin
speere javelins
speichel saliva
speicher loft
speichern save
speichernd storing
speichert saves
speicherung storage
speicherungen storages
speicherzelle cell
speise food
speiseeis ice-cream
speisen dine
speisend dining
speisezimmer dining-room
speist dines
spende dole
spenden bounties
sperre barrier
sperren barricade
sperrend barricading
sperrt barricades
sperrung inhibition
spezial special
speziell respectively
spezifikation specification
spezifikationen specifications
spezifische specific
spezifizieren itemise
spezifiziert specifies
spezifizierte specified
spiegel mirror
spiegelnd mirroring
spiel clearance
spiele games
spielen gamble
spielend gambling
spieler players
spielerisch playful
spielfeld field
spielgefaehrte playfellow
spielgefaehrten playfellows
spielplaetze playgrounds
spielplatz playground
spielsachen toys
spielt gambles
spielte gambled
spielzeug plaything
spielzeuge playthings
spinat spinach
spindel arbor
spindeln spindles
spinne spider
spinnen spiders
spinnengewebe cobweb
spinner madcaps
spinngewebe cobweb
spinnt spins
spirale helix
spitz peaked
spitze peak
spitzen peaks
spitzfindig captious
spitzname nickname
spitznamen nicknames
spleene spleens
splitter shiver
splitternd splinting
splittert splints
spoetterei raillery
spoettereien railleries
spoettisch derisive
spontan spontaneous
sport sport
sportkegeln skittle
sportwagen roadster
spott jeer
spotten flout
spottend flouting
spottet flouts
sprach spoke
sprache language
sprachen languages
sprachlos dumbly
sprang jumped
sprechen speak
sprechend speaking
sprecher speaker
sprechstunde consultation-hour
spreizen straddle
spreizend straddling
spreizt straddles
spreu chaff
spricht speaks
sprichwoertlich proverbial
sprichwort proverb
sprichworte proverbs
spriessen sprout
spriessend sprouting
spriesst sprouts
springen bounce
springend bouncing
springt bounces
spritzen bespatter
spritzend bestattering
spritzt bespatters
spritzte bespattered
spross scion
sprosse scions
sprotte sprat
sprotten sprats
spruch verdict
sprudeln bubble
sprudelnd effervescent
sprudelt sputters
sprueche verdicts
spruehen drizzle
spruehend drizzling
sprueht drizzles
sprung jump
spuelen scavenge
spuelend swilling
spuelkueche scullery
spuelkuechen sculleries
spuelt swills
spueltisch sink
spuersinn flair
spuk spook
spule bobbin
spulen spool
spulend spooling
spult spools
spur trace
spuren traces
spurlos trackless
spurten sprint
spurtend sprinting
spurtet sprints
staatsangehoeriger national
staatsangehoerigkeit nationality
stab baton
stabil robust
stachelschwein porcupine
stachelschweine porcupines
stadt city
stadt- urban
stadtbezirk municipality
stadtgraben moat
stadtgraeben moats
staebe batons
staedte cities
staedter townsfolk
staedtisch municipal
staemme tribes
staemmig stockily
staendchen serenade
staender pillar
staendig permanent
staerke strength
staerken strengthen
staerkend restorative
staerkt strengthens
stahl stole
stall stable
stallung mews
stamm tribe
stammbaeume pedigrees
stammbaum pedigree
stammeln babble
stammelt babbles
stampfen stomp
stampfend stomping
stampft stomps
stand stall
standard standard
standpunkt standpoind
standpunkte standpoints
stanniol tinfoil
stapel stack
stapelnd stacking
stapelt stacks
star starling
stare starlings
starhlend shining
stark potent
starr numb
starren gaze
starrend gazing
starrsinnig pigheaded
starrt gazes
start start
starten commence
startend actuating
startet actuates
startzeile startline
station station
stationen stages
statistische statistical
stattlich portly
staub dust
staubig dusty
staubsauger hoover
staudaemme barrages
staunend wondering
stauwasser backwater
stechen jab
stechend jabbing
steckmodul cartidge
steg web
stehen stand
stehend vertical
stehlen burgle
stehlend stealing
steht stands
steif stiff
steig- upstream
steigen rise
steigend rising
steigern raise
steigerung escalation
steigerungen escalations
steigt rises
steigung acclivity
steigungen acclivities
steil steep
stein stone
steine stones
steingut stoneware
steinig stonily
stell- servo-
stelle digit
stellen locations
stellung posture
stellungen postures
stelze stilt
stelzen stilts
stenotypistinnen typists
stepptanz tapdance
sterbeanzeige obituary
sterbeanzeigen obituaries
sterbend dying
sterblich mortal
sterblichkeit mortality
stern asterisk
sterne asterisks
sternen- starry
sternenklar starlit
sternenlicht starlight
sternenlichter starlights
sternwarte observatory
sternwarten observatories
stets always
steuernd steering
steuerpflichtig declarable
steuerrad steering-wheel
steuert steers
steuerung steerage
steuerungen steerages
steuerzahler taxpayer
stibitzt pilfers
stich twinge
stiche twinges
stichelei quip
sticheleien quips
sticheln taunt
stichelt taunts
sticht jabs
stickstoff nitrogen
stiefel boot
stiehlt steals
stiel handle
stiele helves
stier bull
stiere bulls
stift pin
stifte pencils
stiftschraube stud
stil style
still calm
stille silent
stillgelegt inoperative
stillschweigend tacit
stillstand standstill
stimme voice
stimmen attune
stimmend attuning
stimmt attunes
stimmung mood
stimnmend voting
stinkend fetid
stirn forehead
stirnhaar forelock
stock cane
stockend stagnant
stockungen deadlocks
stockwerke storeys
stoebern quarry
stoebert quarries
stoeckig storeyed
stoehnen groan
stoehnend groaning
stoehnt groans
stoepsel peg
stoerche storks
stoeren perturb
stoerend perturbing
stoert perturbs
stoerung disturbance
stoerungen disturbances
stoesse hitches
stoessel tappet
stoesst buffets
stoff stuff
stoffhaendler mercer
stoisch stoic
stolpern stumble
stolpernd stumbling
stolpert stumbles
stolz haughtily
stolzieren strut
stolzierend strutting
stolziert struts
stolzierte strutted
stomerzeuger generator
stopfend stuffing
stopft plugs
stoppel stubble
stoppeln stubbles
storch stork
stoss brunt
stossen butt
stossend buffeting
stossstange bumper
stottern stammer
stotternd stammering
stottert stammers
straehne skein
straehnen skeins
straende seasides
straeuben bristle
straeubt bristles
straeusse bouquets
straf- penal
strafbar culpable
strafe penalty
strafen punish
strafend punishing
straft punishes
strafte punished
strahlen irradiate
strahlend brightly
strahlt radiates
strahlung radiation
strand beach
strandgut waif
strasse avenue
strassenbahn tram
strassenbahnen tramways
strassenkehrer scavenger
strauch shrub
strauss bouquet
strebend striving
strebt strives
strebte strived
strecken stretch
streckend racking
streckt stretches
streich escapade
streicheln stroke
streichholzschachtel matchbox
streichorchester stringband
streifen streak
streik strike
streit moot
streiten combat
streitend contending
streitet contends
streitig debatable
streng severe
strenge rigor
strick halter
stricke halters
stricken knit
strickend knitting
strickt knits
strickzeug knitting
strieme wale
striemen wales
strittig debatably
stroh straw
strolch hoodlum
strolche hoodlums
strom current
stromabwaerts downstream
stromaufwaerts upstream
struempfe nylons
struktur structure
strukturen structures
strukturiert structured
strumpf stocking
strumpfbaender garters
strumpfband garter
struppig bristly
student student
studenten students
stueck peace
stueckchen shred
stuecke bites
stueckweise piecemeal
stuehle chairs
stuempfe stubs
stuendlich hourly
stuerme gales
stuermisch stormy
stuerzen overturn
stuerzend overturning
stuerzt overturns
stuetze prop
stufe degree
stufen levels
stufenweise gradual
stuhl chair
stumm dumb
stummel snag
stumpf blunt
stumpfsinnig obtuse
stunde hour
stunden hours
stundenplan time-table
stur obstinate
sturheit obstinacy
sturm gale
sturzflut torrent
sturzflutartig torrential
sturzfluten torrents
stute mare
stuten mares
subjekt subject
substantiv noun
suchen hunt
suchend searching
sucher seeker
sucht searches
suechtige addicts
suechtiger addict
sueden south
suedlich southerly
suehne atonement
suempfe marshes
suende sin
suenden sins
suendenbock scapegoat
suendenboecke scapegoats
suendenfrei sinless
suender sinner
suendhaft sinful
suendigend sinning
suess sweet
suessigkeiten sweets
suesslich sweetish
suffix suffix
summe sum
summen buzz
summend humming
summer buzzer
summierend summing
summt hums
summte hummed
sumpf marsh
sumpfig marshily
supermaerkte supermarkets
supermarkt supermarket
supermodern ultramodern
suppe soup
suppen soups
symbol symbol
symbole symbols
syntax syntax
syrup syrup
system system
systeme systems
szene scene
szenerie scenery
szenerien sceneries
tabak tabacco
tabakhaendler tobacconist
tabelle table
tabelliert tabulated
tablett tray
tabu taboo
tabulatoren tabs
tabus taboos
tadel animadversions
tadellos blameless
tadeln animadvert
tadelnd animadverting
tadelt animadverts
taefelung wainscot
taefelungen wainscots
taeglich daily
taegliche daily
taeler dales
taenzer dancer
taeter offender
taetig active
taetigkeit agitation
taetigkeiten agitations
taeuschen beguile
taeuschend beguiling
taeuscht beguiles
taeuschung deception
taeuschungen deceits
tafel blackboard
tafelsilber silverware
tag day
tage days
tagebuch diary
tagebuecher diaries
tagesanbruch daybreak
tagesereignisse current-events
tageslicht daylight
tageszeit daytime
taifun typhoon
taifune typhoons
taille bodice
taillen waists
takt tact
takterzeugung clocking
taktik tactics
taktlos indelicate
taktvoll tactful
tal dale
talent talent
tang seaweed
tangente tangent
tank tank
tanken refuel
tankend refueling
tankt refuels
tannen firs
tante aunt
tanten aunts
tanz dance
tanzen dance
tanzend dancing
tanzt dances
tanzte danced
tapete wallpaper
tapeten wallpapers
tapfer brave
tapferkeit bravery
tapferkeiten valors
tarannisch tyrannically
tarif tariff
tarife tariffs
tarnung camouflage
tasche pocket
taschenbuch paperback
taschenbuecher paperbacks
taschendieb pickpocket
taschendiebe pickpockets
taschenfeuerzeug lighter
taschenmesser penknife
taschentuch handkerchief
taschenuhr watch
tasse cup
tassen cups
tastatur keyboard
tastaturen keyboards
taste bar
tasten fumble
tastenanschlag keystroke
tastenbezogen hotkeyed
tastencodes keycodes
tastend fumbling
tastendruecke keystrokes
tastenname keyname
tastet fumbles
tastete fumbled
tat did
taten deeds
tatkraft energy
tatsache fact
tatsachen facts
tatsaechlich defacto
taub deaf
taube dove
tauben doves
tauchen dive
tauchend dipping
tauchkolben plunger
taucht dips
tauen dew
tauend dewing
taufen baptize
taufend baptizing
tauft baptizes
taugenichts scapegrace
taugenichtse scapegraces
tauglichkeit fitness
taumelig groggily
tauschen barter
tauschend bartering
tauscht barters
tausend thousand
tausende thousands
tausendfuessler millepede
taut dews
taxen cabs
taxi cab
taxifahrer cabman
techniker technician
technisch technical
technisiert engineered
technologie technology
technologieen technologies
technologisch technological
tee teas
teegebaeck muffins
teekanne teapot
teekannen teapots
teer tar
teerend tarring
teert tars
teetasse teacup
teetassen teacups
teich hamlet
teiche hamlets
teig dough
teil part
teilbar divisible
teilbereich partition
teile members
teilen apportion
teilend apportioning
teilgehabt partaken
teilgenommen participated
teilhaben participate
teilhabend participating
teilhaber partner
teilnahme participation
teilnahmen participations
teilnahmslos impassive
teilnehmen partake
teilnehmer participant
teils partly
teilt apportions
teilweise partial
telefon phone
telefone telephones
telefonierend telephoning
telefonierte telephoned
telefonzelle callbox
telegraf telegraph
telegrafen telegraphs
telegrafie telegraphy
telegrafisch telegrafic
telegramm telegram
telegramme telegrams
teleobjektiv telephoto
telephon telephone
television television
teller plate
tempel temple
temperament temperament
temperamente temperaments
temperatur temperature
temperaturen temperatures
tendenz tendency
tendenzen tendances
tennis tennis
tenor tenor
teppich carpet
teppiche carpets
termin deadlineletzter
terminal terminal
terminals terminals
terminologie terminology
terpentin turpentine
terrasse terrace
terrassen terraces
terrine tureen
terrinen tureens
territorien territories
test test
testend testing
tester tester
testet tests
teuer expensive
teufel demon
teufelchen imp
teufelei devilry
teufeleien devilries
teuflisch devilish
text text
texte texts
textfarbe textcolor
textfile textfile
textil- textile
textilien textiles
textverarbeitung wordprocessing
textverarbeitungen wordprocessors
theater theater
thema theme
themen themes
theologe theologian
theologen theologians
theologie theology
theoretisch theoretic
theorie theory
theorien theories
thermal- thermal
thermometer thermometer
thermos- thermos
thron throne
throne thrones
thunfisch tunny
thunfische tunas
ticken tick
tickend ticking
tickt ticks
tief deep
tiefe deepness
tiefen depths
tiefer deeper
tiefgreifend profound
tiefland lowland
tiefste deepest
tier animal
tieraerzte vets
tierarzt vet
tiere animals
tierisch animally
tiger tiger
tigerin tigress
tigerinnen tigresses
tilgung acquittance
timer timer
tinktur tincture
tinkturen tinctures
tinte ink
tintenfisch octopus
tippelnd tripping
tips tips
tisch desk
tischler joiner
tischtuch table-cloth
titel captions
tituliert titled
tobend riotous
tobi tobi
tochter daughter
tochtergesellschaft subsidiary
tod death
toechter daughters
toedlich deathlily
toelpel boobies
toene chimes
toenend sounding
toepfer crocker
toerchen wicket
toericht foolish
toilette toilet
toiletten toilets
toll madcap
toll! wow
tollhaeuser bedlams
tollhaus bedlam
tollkuehn foolhardy
tollwuetig rabid
tomate tomato
tomaten tomatoes
ton sound
tonband tape
tonne ton
tonnen tons
topf pot
tor gate
tore gates
torkeln lurch
torkelnd lurching
torkelt lurches
tornado tornado
tornados tornados
tornister knapsack
torte pie
torten pies
tortenfuellung mincemeat
tot dead
totenglocke knell
totenglocken knells
totschlaeger killer
totschlag homicide
tour tour
touren tours
tourist sightseer
touristen sightseers
tracht livery
trachten liveries
tradition tradition
traditionell traditional
traditionen traditions
traege idle
traeger bearer
traegheit idleness
traegt bears
traellern troll
traellernd trolling
traellert trolls
traene tear
traenen tears
traenenreich tearful
traenken imbue
traenkend tincturing
traenkt imbues
traeumen dream
traeumer dreamer
traeumerei reverie
traeumereien reveries
traf met
tragbahre stretcher
tragbahren stretchers
tragbar portable
tragbarkeit portability
tragen bear
tragend bearing
tragisch tragic
tragoedie tragedy
tragoedien tragedies
trainer trainers
trainiert trained
trampend tramping
trampt tramps
trance trance
trank drank
transaktion transaction
transistoren transistors
transistorisiert semi-conductors
transport transportation
transportieren transport
transportierend transporting
transportiert transports
transportierte transported
trapez trapeze
tratschen tattle
tratschend tattling
tratscht tattles
traubenzucker glucose
trauerfeier obsequies
trauern mourn
trauernd mourning
trauert mourns
traum dream
traumbild vision
traurig funereal
traurigkeit sadness
traut trusts
traversal traversal
travestie travesty
travestien travesties
treffen hit
treiben impel
treibend drifting
treiber driver
treibsand quicksand
treibt drifts
trennbar separable
trennen seperate
trennend disconnecting
trennende separating
trennt disconnects
trennung detachment
trennungen detachments
treppabwaerts downstairs
treppe stair
treppen stairs
treppengelaender banisters
tretmuehle treadmill
treu faithful
treue fidelity
treulos disloyal
treulosigkeit infidelity
treulosigkeiten infidelities
tribuene tribune
tribuenen tribunes
trichter funnel
trick dodge
tricks artifices
tricksend tricking
trifft hits
trigonometrisch trigonometric
trikot tights
trillern quaver
trillernd quavering
trillert quavers
trillion trillion
trilogie trilogy
trinkbar drinkable
trinken drink
trinker drunkard
trinkgeld gratuity
tritt kick
trittbrett footboard
triumph triumph
triumph- triumphal
triumphierend triumphant
triumphiert triumphs
triumphierte triumphed
trocken dry
trocknend drying
trocknet dries
troedelei dalliance
troedeleien dalliances
troedelladen junk-shop
troedeln dally
troedelnd dallying
troedelt dallies
troege hods
troepfeln dribble
troepfelnd dribbling
troepfelt dribbles
troepfelte dribbled
troesten solace
troestend solacing
troestet solaces
trog hod
trommel drum
trommelnd drumming
trommelt drums
trompete trumpet
trompeten trumpets
tropfen seep
tropfend seeping
tropft seeps
trophaee trophy
trophaeen trophies
tropisch tropical
trost consolation
trostlos comfortless
trott trot
trottel dolt
trottelig gawkly
trotten jog
trottend jogging
trottet jogs
trueb turbidly
truebe blear
trueben tarnish
truebend tarnishing
truebsinnig doleful
truebt tarnishs
trueffel truffles
truegerisch elusorily
truemmer wreckage
truempfe trumps
trug wore
trugbild phantasm
trugbilder phantasms
trumpf trump
trunkenbold sot
trunkenbolde sots
truppe squad
truppen squads
truthaehne turkeys
truthahn turkey
tuch cloth
tuechtig strenuous
tuechtigkeit efficiency
tuellen beaks
tuemmler tumbler
tuenche whitewash
tuencht whitewashes
tuend doing
tuer door
tueren doors
tuerke turk
tuerken turks
tuerkies turquoise
tuerkisch turkish
tuermchen turret
tuerme towers
tuete paper-bag
tueten paperbags
tugend virtue
tugendbold prig
tugendbolde prigs
tugendhaft virtuously
tulpe tulip
tulpen tulips
tumor tumor
tumore tumors
tumult hubbub
tumulte riots
tun do
tunfisch tuna
tunnel tunnel
turbine turbine
turbinen turbines
turbo turbo
turbolader turbocharger
turm tower
turnier tournament
turniere tournaments
tut does
typenraddrucker daisywheel
typisch typical
typische typical
tyrann tyrant
tyrannen tyrants
tyrannisch tyrannic
tyrannisieren tyrannize
tyrannisierend tyrannizing
tyrannisiert tyrannizes
tyrannisierte tyrannized
uberdachte mulled
uebel evil
uebelkeit nausea
uebelnehmend resenting
uebelriechend malodoruos
uebeltaeter malefactor
uebeltat misdeed
uebeltaten misdeeds
ueben practise
uebend exercising
ueber about
ueberall everywhere
ueberanstrengen overstrain
ueberanstrengend overstraining
ueberanstrengt overstrained
ueberarbeitend revising
ueberarbeitet overwrought
ueberarbeitungen revisions
ueberbewerten overvalue
ueberbewertend overvaluing
ueberbewertet overvalued
ueberbieten outbid
ueberbietend outbidding
ueberbietet outbids
ueberblick overview
ueberbot outbade
ueberboten outbidded
ueberdachung canopy
ueberdachungen canopies
ueberdaueren outlast
ueberdauernd outlasting
ueberdauert outlasts
ueberdauerte outlasted
ueberdeckend overlaid
ueberdenkend mulling
ueberdenkt mulls
ueberdies moreover
ueberdrucken overprint
uebereifrig officious
uebereingestimmt accorded
uebereinstimmen coincide
uebereinstimmend accordant
uebereinstimmung accord
uebereinstimmungen accordances
ueberfaellt raids
ueberfall raid
ueberfallen raided
ueberfallend raiding
ueberfliegend browsing
ueberfluesse exuberances
ueberfluessig superfluous
ueberfluss abundance
ueberfluten flood
ueberflutet floods
ueberfuehrung viaduct
ueberfuehrungen viaducts
ueberfuellen glut
ueberfuellend glutting
ueberfuellt gluts
ueberfuellte glutted
uebergaenge transitions
uebergang transit
uebergeben committed
uebergebend consigning
uebergehend ignoring
uebergelaufen overflowed
uebergewicht overweight
uebergluecklich overjoied
uebergreifen overlap
uebergroesse kingsize
ueberhaengen overhang
ueberheblich arrogant
ueberheblichkeit arrogance
ueberheblichkeiten arrogances
ueberhitzen overheat
ueberhoeht inflated
ueberholen outdistance
ueberholend outdistancing
ueberholt outdistances
ueberholte outdistanced
ueberladen overcharge
ueberladend overcharging
ueberladene overloaded
ueberlaedt overcharges
ueberlaesst cedes
ueberlagernd overlaying
ueberlagert overlayed
ueberlagerung heterodyn
ueberlappen interleave
ueberlappende overlapping
ueberlassen cede
ueberlassend ceding
ueberlast overload
ueberlasten overload
ueberlastung congestion
ueberlauf overflow
ueberleben outlive
ueberlebend outliving
ueberlebt outlives
ueberlebte outlived
ueberlegen deliberate
ueberlegend cogitating
ueberlegenheit transcendence
ueberlegenheiten transcendences
ueberlegt deliberates
ueberlegte cogitated
ueberlegung deliberation
ueberlegungen deliberations
ueberlieferungen deliverances
ueberlisten outwit
ueberlistend outwitting
ueberlistet outwits
ueberlistete outwitted
uebermaessig effusive
uebermitteln convey
uebermittelnd transceiving
uebermittelt transmitted
uebermittler transmitters
uebermuetig rollicking
uebernahm undertook
uebernatuerlich supernatural
uebernehmen undertake
uebernehmend undertaking
uebernommen undertaken
ueberpruefen revise
ueberpruefung review
ueberraschen overtake
ueberraschend surprising
ueberrascht overtakes
ueberraschte overtook
ueberraschung emergency
ueberraschungen emergencies
ueberreden persuade
ueberredend persuading
ueberredet persuades
ueberredete persuaded
ueberrundet surrounds
uebersaettigung surfeit
uebersaettigungen surfeits
ueberschaetzen overrate
ueberschaetzend overrating
ueberschaetzt overrates
ueberschaetzte overrated
ueberschall- supersonic
ueberschatten overshadow
ueberschattend overshadowing
ueberschattet overshadows
ueberschattete overshadowed
ueberschreiben overwrite
ueberschreibt overwrites
ueberschreiten exceed
ueberschreitend exceeding
ueberschreitet exceeds
ueberschrieben captioned
ueberschrift caption
ueberschriften headings
ueberschritten exceeded
ueberschuesse overplusses
ueberschuessig excessive
ueberschuss excess
ueberschwemmen deluge
ueberschwemmend deluging
ueberschwemmt deluges
ueberschwemmte deluged
uebersehend overlooking
uebersehene overlooked
uebersendung consignment
uebersendungen consignments
uebersetzen compile
uebersetzend translating
uebersetzer translators
uebersetzt translated
uebersetzung transformation
uebersetzungen translations
uebersicht digest
uebersichten synopses
uebersieht overlooks
ueberspannt extravagant
ueberspanntheit extravagance
ueberspanntheiten extravagances
ueberstanden overcame
ueberstehend overcoming
uebersteht overcomes
uebersteigen surmount
uebersteigend surmounting
uebersteigt surmounts
ueberstiegen surmounted
ueberstimmen overrule
ueberstimmend overruling
ueberstimmte overruled
ueberstrahlen outshine
ueberstrahlend outshining
ueberstrahlt outshines
ueberstrahlte outshined
uebertraegt transfers
uebertraf outdid
uebertragbar assignable
uebertragbare transferable
uebertragen carry
uebertragend transfering
uebertragung transfer
uebertreffen excel
uebertreffend excelling
uebertreiben exaggerate
uebertreibend exaggerating
uebertreibt exaggerates
uebertreibung overstatement
uebertreibungen overstatements
uebertreten transgress
uebertretend transgressing
uebertretung transgression
uebertretungen transgressions
uebertrieben exaggerated
uebertriebene overacted
uebertrifft excels
uebertritt transgresses
uebertroffen excelled
uebervoelkert overpeopled
uebervorteilen outsmart
uebervorteilend outsmarting
uebervorteilt outsmarted
ueberwachen watch
ueberwachung survey
ueberwaeltigen overmaster
ueberwaeltigend overmastering
ueberwaeltigt overmasters
ueberwaeltigte overmastered
ueberwiegen outweigh
ueberwiegend outweighing
ueberwiegt outweighs
ueberwog outweighed
ueberwuchern overgrow
ueberwuchernd overgrowing
ueberwuchert overgrows
ueberwucherte overgrowed
ueberzaehlig supernumerary
ueberzahlen overpay
ueberzahlend overpaying
ueberzahlte overpayed
ueberzeugen convince
ueberzeugend convincing
ueberzeugt convinces
ueberzeugte convinced
ueberzogen coated
ueberzuege casings
ueberzug casing
ueblich convenient
ueblicherweise usually
uebrigbleibend residual
uebung exercise
uebungen exercises
uenbekuemmertheit unconcern
ueppig luscious
ufer bank
uferstrassen quays
uhr clock
uhren timepieces
uhrfeder mainspring
uhrfedern mainsprings
ulk josh
ulme elm
ulmen elms
ultimatum ultimatum
ultra- ultra
ultraviolett ultraviolet
um...willen sake
umarmen embrace
umarmend embracing
umarmt embraces
umarmte embraced
umarmung hug
umbenannt renamed
umbenennen rename
umbenennung renaming
umbilden remodel
umbrechend wrapping
umbruch upheavel
umbrueche upheavels
umdefinieren redefine
umdrehung revolution
umdrehungen rotations
umerziehung reeducation
umerziehungen reeducations
umfang complexity
umfangreich voluminously
umfangreiche voluminous
umfassen comprise
umfassend enfolding
umfassende comprehensive
umfasst enfolds
umfasste enfolded
umgangen circumvented
umgangene bypassed
umgeben encompass
umgebend surrounding
umgebung environment
umgebungen environments
umgebungs- ambient
umgebungsmaessig environmental
umgehen bypass
umgehend bypassing
umgeht bypasses
umgehung bypass
umgehungen evasions
umgekehrt conversely
umgekommen perished
umgestalten metamorphose
umgestaltend metamorphosing
umgestaltet metamorphosed
umgestellt reconverted
umgewandelt transformed
umgibt encompasses
umhaenge capes
umhang cape
umhergestreift rambled
umherstreifend ramble
umhertollend wantoning
umhuellen muffle
umhuellend muffling
umhuellt muffled
umkehrbar reversible
umkehren invert
umkehrend reversing
umkehrung reversal
umkehrungen reversals
umkleiden coat
umkommen perish
umkommend perishing
umlaeufe currencies
umlauf circulation
umlaufbahn orbit
umlaufbahnen orbits
umlaufend rotary
umleiten deflect
umleitung diversion
umleitungen redirections
umliegend circumjacent
umnumeriert renumbered
umnummerieren renumber
umrahmend framing
umrahmt framed
umrandend bordering
umrechnen randomize
umriss contour
umrisse contours
umsaetze turnovers
umsatz turnover
umschliessen enclose
umschliesst embeds
umschreiben circumscribe
umschreibend circumscribing
umschreibt circumscribes
umschrieben circumscribed
umschwuenge revulsions
umschwung revulsion
umseitig overleaf
umsetzen transcribe
umsetzung conversion
umsortieren resort
umstaende circumstances
umstaendlich circumstantial
umstand circumstance
umstellen reconvert
umstellend reconverting
umstellung changeover
umstrukturiert restructured
umwaelzen recycle
umwandeln transform
umwandelnd transforming
umwandlung commutation
umwandlungen commutations
umweg detour
umwege detours
umwelt environment
umwerfen upset
umwerfend upsetting
unabhaengig independant
unabhaengigkeit independence
unablaessig unremittingly
unabsichtlich unintentional
unachtsam heedless
unaehnlich dissimilar
unaktiviert uninitiated
unangebracht inappropriate
unangefochten unchallenged
unangemessen inadequately
unangenehm objectionable
unangetastet unsolicited
unannehmbar unacceptable
unannehmlichkeit unpleasantness
unanstaendig indecent
unanstaendigkeit indecency
unanstaendigkeiten indecencies
unartig naughty
unartiger naughtier
unartigste naughtiest
unaufhoerlich ceaselessly
unaufhoerliche ceaseless
unaufmerksam inattentive
unaufrichtig insincere
unausgeglichen unbalanced
unaussprechlich ineffably
unaussprechnich ineffable
unbaendig ungovernable
unbarmherzig merciless
unbeabsichtigt undesignedly
unbeachtet uncared
unbeansprucht unclaimed
unbeantwortet unanswered
unbedacht unmindfully
unbedenklich unhesitating
unbedeutend inconsiderable
unbedingt absolute
unbeendet undetermined
unbefangen ingenuous
unbefleckt unpolluted
unbefriedigend unsatisfactory
unbefriedigt unsatisfied
unbefugt unauthorized
unbegrenzt unbounded
unbehagen discomfort
unbeholfen ungainly
unbekannt innominate
unbekuemmert reckless
unbekuemmertheiten unconcerns
unbelaestigt unmolested
unbelehrbar unteachable
unbeliebtheit unpopularity
unbemerkt unnoticed
unbenannt unlabeled
unbenutzt unneeded
unbeobachtet unobserved
unberaten unadvised
unberechenbar incalculable
unberechtigt unwarranted
unberuehrt unaffected
unbeschaedigt intact
unbeschaeftigt unemployed
unbescheiden immodest
unbeschraenkt illimitable
unbeschreiblich indescribable
unbesetzt unallocated
unbesiegt unconquered
unbesonnen indiscreet
unbesonnenheit temerity
unbesonnenheiten temerities
unbestaendig impermanent
unbestaetigt unconfirmed
unbestimmbar nondescript
unbestimmt indecisive
unbestreitbar indisputable
unbestritten unchallengedly
unbetitelt untitled
unbetont unstressed
unbetreten untrod
unbewacht unguarded
unbeweglich immobile
unbewegt unmoved
unbewohnbar uninhabitable
unbewohnt uninhabitated
unbewusst unconscious
unbezaehmbar irrepressible
unbezahlbar priceless
unbezahlt unpaid
unbiegsam inflexibly
unbillig inequitable
unbrauchbar unusable
und and
undankbar thankless
undankbarkeit ingratitude
undenkbar unthinkable
undeutlich inarticulate
undiszipliniert undisciplined
undokumentiert undocumented
undurchdringbar impenetrably
undurchdringlich impermeable
undurchfuehrbar impractibable
undurchsichtig opaque
unecht phonily
unedel ignoble
unehrlich dishonest
uneingeloest unredeemed
uneingeschraenkt unreserved
unempfindlich impassible
unendlich indefinitely
unendlichkeiten infinities
unentbehrlich indispensably
unentdeckt undetected
unentgeltlich gratuitous
unentrinnbar inescapable
unentschieden undecided
unentschiedenheit abeyance
unentschlossen irresolute
unentschuldbar inexcusable
unentwegt undeviating
unentwirrbar inextricable
unerbittlich adamant
unerfahren inerxpertly
unerfahrenheit inexperience
unerfahrenheiten inexperiences
unergruendlich unfathomable
unerkennbar irrecognizable
unerklaerlich inexplicable
unerklaert undeclared
unerlaubt illicit
unermesslich immeasurable
unermuedlich indefatigable
unerreichbar unobtainable
unerreicht unmatched
unersaettlich insatiable
unersaetzlich irreplaceable
unerschoepflich inexhaustible
unerschrocken intrepid
unerschuetterlich imperturbable
unersetzlich irrecoverably
unertraeglich insufferable
unertraeglicher unbearablier
unertraeglichste unbearabliest
unerwaehnbar unmentionable
unerwaehnt unspoken
unerwarted unexpectedly
unerwartet unsuspected
unerwartete unattended
unerwidert unrequited
unerwiesen unproved
unerwuenscht undesirable
unerzogen uneducated
unfaehig impotent
unfaehigkeit disability
unfaehigkeiten disabilities
unfaelle accidents
unfair unfair
unfall accident
unfassbar inconceivable
unfehlbar infallible
unfertig unreadily
unformatiert unformatted
unfreiwillig involuntarily
unfreundlich unfriendly
unfruchbar infertile
unfug mischief
ungangbar impassably
ungeaendert unaltered
ungeahnt undreamt
ungebaerdig unrulily
ungebeten unasked
ungebildet illiterate
ungeboren unborn
ungebraeuchlich unusual
ungebrochen unbroken
ungebuehrlich undue
ungebunden unattached
ungeduld impatience
ungeduldig impatient
ungeehrt unhonored
ungeeignet improperly
ungefaehr about
ungefragt unaskedly
ungeheuer egregious
ungeheuerlichkeit monstrosity
ungeheuerlichkeiten monstrosities
ungehindert unchecked
ungehoerig unseemlily
ungehoerigkeit impropriety
ungehoerigkeiten improprieties
ungehorsam disobedient
ungekennzeichnet unsigned
ungekocht uncooked
ungekuerzt unabridged
ungeladen unloaded
ungelegen unseasonable
ungelernt unskilled
ungeloescht unerased
ungeloest unsolved
ungemuetlich uncomfortable
ungenannt unnamed
ungenau improper
ungenauigkeiten inaccuracies
ungenuegend insufficient
ungepackt unpacked
ungepflegt unkempt
ungerade odd
ungerecht unjust
ungerechtigkeit iniquity
ungerechtigkeiten iniquities
ungereift unseasonabled
ungerufen uncalled
ungesagt unsaid
ungeschickt awkward
ungeschlagen unbeaten
ungeschminkt unvarnished
ungeschuetzt unprotect
ungeschult unschooled
ungesellig unsociable
ungesetzlich illegally
ungestoert undisturbed
ungestuem vehemence
ungesund unhealthily
ungeuebt unpractised
ungewaehlte unselected
ungewoehnlich inconvenient
ungewohnt unaccustomed
ungezaehlte uncounted
ungeziefer vermin
ungezwungen unceremonious
unglaeubig faithless
unglaube unbelief
unglaublich elusive
unglaublicher unbelievablier
ungleich unequal
ungleichheit disparity
ungleichheiten disparities
ungleichmaessig uneven
ungleichmaessigkeit inequality
ungleichmaessigkeiten inequalities
unglueck calamity
ungluecke calamities
ungluecklich unhappily
unglueckliche accidental
ungluecklicherweise accidentally
ungluecksbringer hoodoo
ungueltig invalid
unguenstig unfavorable
unhaltbar indefensible
unhandlich bulky
unheil mischief
unheilbar incurable
unheilvoll disasterous
unheimlich uncannily
unhoeflich discourteous
unhoeflichkeit discourtesy
unhoerbar inaudible
unhygienisch unsanitarily
unidentifiziert unidentified
unigelaende campus
unindiziert unindexed
uninteressant uninteresting
universal universal
universitaet university
universitaeten universities
unklar indistinct
unklarheit blur
unkleidsam unbecoming
unklug imprudent
unkomprimiert uncompressed
unkontrollierbar uncontrollable
unkontrolliert uncontrolled
unkonventionell unconventional
unkopierbar uncopyable
unkorrigierbar uncorrectable
unkraut weed
unkultiviert uncultivated
unlesbar illegible
unleserlich illegibly
unloesbar unsolvable
unloeslich insoluble
unlogisch illogical
unmaessig incontinent
unmaessigkeit intemperance
unmaessigkeiten intemperances
unmarkierbar unremarkably
unmarkiert untagged
unmelodisch tuneless
unmenschlich inhuman
unmerklich imperceptible
unmissverstaendlich unmistakable
unmittelbar direct
unmoebliert unfurnished
unmoeglich impossible
unmoeglichkeit impossibility
unmontiert unmounted
unmoralisch immoral
unnachahmlich inimitable
unnachgiebig unaccomodating
unnahbar inapproachable
unnatuerlich unnatural
unnoetig needlessly
unnormal abnormal
unnuetz unprofitable
unordentlich messy
unordnung disorder
unparteiisch impartial
unpassend incongruous
unpassierbar impassable
unpersoenlich impersonal
unpopulaer unpopuarly
unpraktisch impractical
unqualifiziert unpolished
unrasiert unshaven
unrealistisch unrealistic
unrechtmaessig unlawfully
unredlich unrighteous
unredlichkeit dishonesty
unregistriert unregistered
unreif immature
unrein impure
unruhe fidget
unruhen riot
unruhig uneasily
unruhiger uneasier
unruhigste uneasiest
unsagbar unspeakable
unsanft ungentle
unschaedlich innoxious
unschaetzbar inestimable
unschoen unhandsome
unschuld innocence
unschuldig innocent
unser our
unsere ours
unsicher insecure
unsicherheit uncertainty
unsicherheiten uncertainties
unsichtbar invisible
unsinn hooey
unsinn! rats!
unsinnig nonsensical
unsozial unsocial
unspezifiziert unspecified
unstabil unstable
unsterblich deathless
unsterblichkeit immortality
unstet choppy
unstetig unsteadily
unstimmigkeit disagreement
unstimmigkeiten disagreements
untaetig inactively
untaetigkeit inactivity
untaetigkeiten inactivities
untat malpractice
untaten malpractices
unten bellow
unter under
unter- nether
unteraufgabe subtask
unteraufgaben subtasks
unterbesetzt understaffed
unterbewertend understating
unterbewertung understatement
unterbieten underbid
unterbietend underbidding
unterbietet underbids
unterbindend prohibitive
unterboten undercutted
unterbrechbar interruptible
unterbrechen break
unterbrechend breaking
unterbrechung intermission
unterbrechungen intermissions
unterbricht breaks
unterbrochen discontinued
unterdruecken oppress
unterdrueckend oppressing
unterdrueckt oppresses
unterdrueckte oppressed
unterdrueckung depression
unterdrueckungen oppressions
untere inferior
unterernaehrt underfed
unterernaehrung malnutrition
unterfuehrung subway
unterfuehrungen subways
unterfunktion subfunction
unterfunktionen subfunctions
untergeordnet secondarily
untergeordnete underling
untergeschoss basement
untergraben undermine
untergrabend undermining
untergraebt undermines
untergrund underground
untergrund- undergruond
unterhaelt entertains
unterhaendler negotiator
unterhalb underneath
unterhalt livelihood
unterhalten entertain
unterhaltend entertaining
unterhaltung amusement
unterhaltungen amusements
unterhaltungsaufwand upkeep
unterhaltungskosten upkeeps
unterhemd singlet
unterholz underbrush
unterkunft lodging
unterlaesst omits
unterlage pad
unterlassend omitting
unterlegen highlite
unterlegene underdogs
unterlegener underdog
unterlegscheibe washer
unterleib abdomen
unterlizenz sublicense
untermauern underpin
untermauernd underpinning
untermauert underpins
untermauerte underpinned
untermenues submenus
unternehmen company
unternehmungen transactions
unternehmungslustig enterprising
unternimmt undertakes
unterordnend subordinating
unterredung interlocution
unterredungen interlocutions
unterricht tuition
unterrichtet instructs
unterrichtungen tuitions
unterroutine subroutine
unterroutinen subroutines
untersagen forbid
unterschaetzen underestimate
unterschaetzend underrating
unterschaetzt underestimated
unterschaetzte underrated
unterscheiden discern
unterscheidend differing
unterscheidet discerns
unterscheidung discrimination
unterschied discerned
unterschiede differences
unterschiedlich differently
unterschlaegt embezzles
unterschlagen embezzle
unterschlagend embezzling
unterschlagung defalcation
unterschlagungen defalcations
unterschreiben undersign
unterschreibend undersigning
unterschreibt undersingns
unterschrieb underwrote
unterschrieben underwritten
unterschrift signature
unterschriften signatures
untersetzung reduction
unterst lowest
unterste lowest
unterstellt supposed
unterstes undermost
unterstreichen underline
unterstreichend underlining
unterstreicht underlines
unterstrichen underlined
unterstuetzen provide
unterstuetzend providing
unterstuetzt assists
untersuchen explore
untersuchend researching
untersucher investigator
untersucht probed
untersuchte researched
untersuchung inquest
untersuchungen analysis
untertasse saucer
untertassen saucers
unterteilung subdivision
unterteilungen subdivisons
untertunnelnd tunnelling
untertunnelt tunnelled
untervermieten sublease
untervermietend subleasing
untervermietet sublet
unterwaesche lingerie
unterwerfung submission
unterwerfungen submissions
unterwuerfig obsequious
unterzeichnen subscribe
unterzeichnend subscribing
unterzeichner signer
unterzeichnet subscribes
unterzeichnete subscribed
untgerstuetzt supported
untrennbar inseparable
untreu unfaithful
untreue perfidy
untroestlich brokenhearted
unuebersetzt untranslated
unuebertroffen unsurpassed
unueberwindlich impregnable
unueblich unusual
unumschraenkt sovereignly
ununterbrochen incessant
ununterrichtet uninformed
ununterstuetzt unaided
unveraenderbar immovable
unveraenderlich changeless
unveraendert unmodified
unverantwortlich irresponsible
unverbesserlich incorrigible
unverbraucht unspent
unverbunden unconnected
unverdaulich indigestible
unverdient undeserved
unverdientermassen undeservedly
unvereinbar inconsistent
unvereinbarkeit inconsistency
unverfroren unabashed
unvergaenglich imperishable
unvergessen unforgotten
unvergesslich unforgettable
unvergleichlich incomparably
unvergleichliche nonpareil
unverheiratet unmarried
unverhofft unexpected
unverkaeuflich inalienable
unverkleidet undisguised
unverleichbar incomparable
unverletzlich inviolable
unverletzt unhurt
unvermeidlich inevitable
unvermindert unabated
unvernuenftig irrational
unverschaemt barefaced
unverschaemtheit impertinence
unverschaemtheiten impertinences
unverschlossen unlocked
unverschluesselt unencrypted
unversehens unawares
unversehrt intactly
unversoehnlich unforgiving
unverstaendlich unintelligible
unversucht untried
unvertraeglich incompatible
unvertraeglichkeit incompatibility
unvertraut unfamiliarly
unverwundbar invulnerably
unverzagt unshrinking
unvollkommen imperfectly
unvollstaendig imperfect
unvorbereitet unprepared
unvoreingenommen unprejudiced
unvorhergesehen unforeseen
unvorhersagbar unpredictable
unvorschriftsmaessig incorrectly
unvorsichtig incautious
unvorstellbar unimaginable
unwahr untrue
unwahrscheinlich implausible
unwesentlich inessential
unwetter thunder-storm
unwichtig unimportant
unwiderlegbar irrefutable
unwiderleglich unanswerable
unwiderruflich irrevocable
unwiderstehlich irresistible
unwiederbringlich unrecoverable
unwillkommen unwelcome
unwirksam ineffective
unwirtlich inhospitable
unwissend ignorant
unwissenheit ignorance
unwissentlich unwitting
unwuerdig undeserving
unzaehlbar uncountable
unzaehlig innumerably
unzaehlige innumerable
unzaehmbar indomitable
unzensiert unstrained
unzerbrechlich unbreakable
unzerstoerbar indestructible
unzivilisiert uncivilized
unzuechtig bawdily
unzufrieden discontented
unzufriedenheit discontent
unzugaenglich impenetrable
unzulaenglich inadequate
unzulaessig illegal
unzusammenhaengend incoherent
unzustaendig incompetent
unzuverlaessig unreliable
unzweideutig unambiguous
uran uranium
urheber initiator
urheberschaft authorship
urinieren urinate
urinierend urinating
uriniert urinates
urinierte urinated
urkunde document
urlaub exeat
urlauber vacationist
urne urn
urnen urns
ursache causale
ursachen causales
ursaechlich causal
urspruenge origins
urspruenglich orginally
ursprung genesis
urteil judgement
urteile judgements
usw. etc
utilities utilities
utopisch utopian
vaeterlich fatherly
vakuum vacuum
vamp vamp
vampir vampire
vampire vampires
vanille vanilla
variable variable
variablenname variablename
variation variation
variationen variations
variete vaudeville
varietes vaudevilles
variieren vary
vase vase
vasen vases
vater father
vaterlos fatherless
vaterschaft fatherhood
veantwortlichkeit responsibility
vederbend tainting
vegativ negatively
vegetarier vegetarian
vegetativ vegetative
vegetieren vegetate
vegetierend vegetating
vegetiert vegetates
vegetierte vegetated
veilchen violets
vektor vector
vektoren vectors
ventil valve
ventilation ventilation
ventilator ventilator
ventilatoren ventilators
ventile valves
ventilieren ventilate
ventilierend ventilating
ventiliert ventilates
ventilierte ventilated
verabredung agreement
verabredungen assignations
verabscheuen abhor
verabscheuend abhoring
verabscheut abhores
verabscheute abhored
verachten despise
verachtend despising
verachtenswert contemptible
verachtet despises
verachtete despised
verachtung contempt
verachtungen contempts
veraechtlich abjectly
veraenderlich changeably
veraenderlicher mutablier
veraenderlichkeit variability
veraenderlichste mutabliest
veraendernd varying
veraendert varies
veraenderung mutation
veraenderungen mutations
verallgemeinern generalize
verallgemeinernd generalizing
verallgemeinert generalized
veraltet antiquated
veranlagungsgemaess temperamental
veranlassen induce
veranlassend inducing
veranlasst induces
veranlasste induced
veranlassung inducement
veranlassungen inducements
veranschaulichen illustrate
verantwortlich accountable
verantwortlichkeit liability
verarbeiten handle
verarbeitend processing
verarmt impoverished
verarztend vetting
verarztete vetted
verb verb
verband bandage
verbannen banish
verbannt banished
verbannung banishment
verbat forbade
verben verbs
verbergen conceal
verbergend concealing
verbessern improve
verbessernd improving
verbessert improved
verbesserte rectified
verbesserung betterment
verbesserungen betterments
verbesserungsfaehig improvable
verbeulend denting
verbeult dented
verbiegen bend
verbiegung deflection
verbieten interdict
verbietend interdicting
verbietet forbids
verbilligen cheapen
verbilligend cheapening
verbilligt cheapens
verbilligte cheapened
verbinden concatenate
verbindend linking
verbinder connectors
verbindet chains
verbindlich obligatory
verbindung chaining
verbindungen bonds
verbindungspunkt juncture
verbindungspunkte junctures
verbindungsstueck link
verbirgt conceals
verbissen dogged
verbittern embitter
verbitternd embittering
verbittert embittered
verblasst fades
verblasste faded
verbleibt remains
verblueffen astound
verblueffend astounding
verbluefft astounds
verblueffte astounded
verborgen concealed
verbot ban
verbote bans
verboten forbidden
verbrannt burnt
verbrannte scorched
verbrauch consumption
verbrauchen consume
verbrauchend consuming
verbraucher consumer
verbraucht consumed
verbrechen crime
verbrecher felon
verbreiten diffuse
verbreitend diffusing
verbreitet diffuses
verbreitete diffused
verbreitung propagation
verbrennen scorch
verbrennend scorching
verbrennt scorchs
verbrennung combustion
verbrennungen combustions
verbringen spend
verbruehen scald
verbruehend scalding
verbrueht scalds
verbruehte scalded
verbuenden confederate
verbuendend federalizing
verbuendet allied
verbuendeter ally
verbuergen vouch
verbuergte vouched
verbunden aligned
verdacht suspicion
verdaechtigungen suspicions
verdampfen vaporize
verdampfend vaporizing
verdampft vaporizes
verdampfte vaporized
verdankend owing
verdauend digesting
verdaut digests
verdaute digested
verdauungsstoerung indigestion
verdauungsstoerungen indigestions
verderben debauch
verderbend corrupting
verderblich baleful
verdichten concondense
verdichtend solidifying
verdichtet condensed
verdichtete solidified
verdichtung condensation
verdichtungen condensations
verdicken thicken
verdickend thickening
verdickt fattens
verdickte thickened
verdienend deserving
verdienst merit
verdienste merits
verdienstvoll meritorious
verdient deserves
verdiente merited
verdirbt corrupts
verdoppeln redouble
verdoppelnd redoubling
verdoppelt doubled
verdoppelte redoubled
verdorben corrupt
verdraengen oust
verdraengend ousting
verdraengt ousts
verdraengte ousted
verdrahtend wiring
verdrahtet wired
verdrehen contort
verdrehend contorting
verdreht contorts
verdrehte contorted
verdrehung contortion
verdrehungen contortions
verdreifachte trebled
verdreschen thresh
verdriesslich peevish
verdroschen threshed
verdrucken misprint
verdruckend misprinting
verdruckt misprints
verdruckte misprinted
verduennen dilute
verduennend diluting
verduennt dilutes
verduennte diluted
verdunkelnd dimming
verdunkelt darkened
verdunkelte dimmed
verdunsten evaporate
verdunstend evaporating
verdunstet evaporated
verehrend adoring
verehrer worshipper
verehrung veneration
verehrungen venerations
verehrungswuerdig adorably
vereinbarend stipulating
vereinbart stipulated
vereinbarung acknowledge
vereinbarungen agreements
vereine clubs
vereinend unifying
vereinfachen simplify
vereinfacht simplified
vereinfachung simplification
vereinheitlichen unify
vereinheitlicht unified
vereinheitlichung unification
vereinheitlichungen unifications
vereinigen ally
vereinigend allying
vereinigt united
vereinigte coalesced
vereinigung coalition
vereinigungen associations
vereint unifies
vereisend icing
vereist iced
verewigend perpetuate
verewigt perpetuates
verewigte perpetuated
verfaelschen sophisticate
verfaelschend sophisticating
verfaelscht sophisticates
verfall decadence
verfallen decay
verfallend decaying
verfassungswidrig unconstitional
verfaulen fester
verfaulend festering
verfault festers
verfaulte festered
verfeinern refine
verfeinernd refining
verfeinert refined
verfeinerung refinement
verfeinerungen refinements
verfliessen lapse
verfliessend elapsing
verfliesst elapses
verflossen elapsed
verflucht cursed
verfolgen haunt
verfolgend trailing
verfolger follower
verfolgt haunts
verfolgte chased
verfolgung chase
verfolgungen pursuances
verfuegbar available
verfuegen enact
verfuegend enacting
verfuegt enacts
verfuehren ensnare
verfuehrend ensnaring
verfuehrerisch seductive
verfuehrt ensnared
verfuehrte seduced
verfuehrung seduction
verfuehrungen seductions
vergangen bygone
vergaser carburettor
vergass forgot
vergebend forgiving
vergeblich unavailing
vergebung remission
vergebungen pardons
vergehen misdoing
vergelten requite
vergeltend requiting
vergeltet requites
vergeltung requital
vergeltungen retributions
vergeltungpn requitals
vergessen forget
vergessend forgetting
vergessenheit oblivion
vergessenheiten oblivions
vergesslich forgetful
vergiessen shed
vergiessend shedding
vergiesst sheds
vergilbt yellowed
vergisst forgets
vergleich comparison
vergleichbar commensurable
vergleiche comparisons
vergleichen collate
vergleichend comparative
vergleichsweise comparatively
vergleicht compares
verglichen compared
vergnuegen pleasure
vergoettern deify
vergoetternd deifying
vergoettert deifies
vergoetterte deified
vergolden gild
vergoldend gilding
vergoldete gilt
vergoldungen gilts
vergolten requited
vergossen shedded
vergrabend burying
vergraebt burys
vergroessern enlarge
vergroessernd augmenting
vergroessert augmented
vergroesserung augment
vergroesserungen augmentations
verguetung salary
verguetungen emoluments
verhaeltnis ratio
verhaeltnisse ratios
verhaengnis fate
verhaetscheln coddle
verhaetschelnd coddling
verhaetschelt coddled
verhaetschelte cuddled
verhaftend arresting
verhaftet arrested
verhalten behavior
verhandeln negotiate
verhandelnd negotiating
verhandelt negotiates
verhandelte negotiated
verhandlung negotiation
verhandlungen negotiations
verhasst hateful
verhauen spank
verhauend spanking
verhaut spanks
verhaute spanked
verheerend wasteful
verherrlichen glorify
verherrlicht glorified
verhindern prevent
verhindernd inhibiting
verhindert disabled
verhinderte inhibited
verhuellend cloaking
verhuellt mantled
verhuetet prevents
verhuetete prevented
verhuetung prevention
verhutzelt weazen
verifiziert verified
verirrungen aberrations
verjuengen rejuvenate
verjuengend rejuvenating
verjuengt rejuvenates
verjuengte rejuvenated
verkabelung cabling
verkaeufe sales
verkaeufer seller
verkaeuferin saleswoman
verkaeuferinnen saleswomen
verkaeuflich alienable
verkalken calcify
verkalkend calcifying
verkalkt calcifies
verkalkte calcified
verkauf sale
verkaufen sell
verkaufend selling
verkauft sells
verkaufte selled
verkehr traffic
verkehrt amiss
verkehrtheit perversities
verketten catenate
verkettet concatenated
verklagen sue
verklagt sues
verklagte sued
verklebend agglutinating
verklebt agglutinates
verklebte agglutinated
verkleidend disguising
verkleidet disguised
verkleidung facing
verkleigungen facings
verkleinernd belittling
verkleinert belittles
verkleinerte belittled
verknoechern ossify
verknoechernd ossifying
verknoechert ossified
verknuepfen combine
verknuepfer linker
verknuepft linked
verknuepfung linkage
verkoerpern embody
verkoerpernd embodying
verkoerpert embodied
verkoerperte impersonated
verkohlend charing
verkohlte chared
verkommen reprobate
verkommend reprobating
verkommt reprobates
verkrustung incrustation
verkrustungen incrustations
verkuenden enunciate
verkuendend enunciating
verkuendet enunciates
verkuendete promulgated
verkuerzt shortens
verlaengern elongate
verlaengernd elongating
verlaengert elongates
verlaesslichkeiten tenacities
verlaesst derelicts
verlangen require
verlangend demanding
verlangsamen decelerate
verlangsamt slowed
verlangt requested
verlangte demanded
verlassen abandoned
verlassend escaping
verlegen mislay
verlegenheit embarrassment
verlegt mislaid
verleihen impart
verleihend imparting
verleiht imparts
verleiten inveigle
verleitend inveigling
verleitet inveigles
verleitete inveigled
verlernen unlearn
verlernend unlearning
verlernt unlearns
verlernte unlearned
verletzbar vulnerable
verletzen bless
verletzend blessing
verletzlich vulnerably
verletzt hurted
verletzte infringed
verletzung breach
verletzungen violations
verleugnung abnegation
verleumden backbite
verleumdend backbiting
verleumderisch slanderous
verleumdet backbeted
verleumdete slandered
verleumdung calumniation
verleumdungen calumniations
verliebt amorous
verlieren lose
verliert loses
verlobung betrothal
verlockung enticement
verlogen mendacious
verloren forlorn
verlosen raffle
verlosend raffling
verlost raffles
verlust losing
verluste losses
vermachen bequeath
vermachend bequeathing
vermacht bequeathes
vermachte bequeathed
vermaechtnis bequests
vermaechtnisse legacies
vermeiden beware
vermeidend avoiding
vermeidet avoids
vermied avoided
vermieter landlord
vermieterin landlady
vermindern decrease
vermindernd decreasing
vermindert decreased
verminderte derogated
verminderung decrement
vermissen miss
vermisste missed
vermitteln conciliate
vermittelnd conciliating
vermittelt conciliates
vermittelte interceded
vermittler mediator
vermittlung mediation
vermittlungen mediations
vermuten presume
vermutend conjecturing
vermutet conjectures
vermutete conjectured
vermutlich presumable
vermutung conjecture
vermutungen presumptions
vernachlaessigen neglect
vernachlaessigend neglecting
vernachlaessigt neglects
vernachlaessigte neglected
verneinen negate
verneinend negating
verneint negates
verneinte negated
verneinungen denials
vernichten annihilate
vernichtend annihilating
vernichtet annihilates
vernichtete annihilated
vernuenftig rational
vernuenftiger reasonablier
vernuenftigste reasonabliest
vernunft rationality
veroeffentlichen publish
veroeffentlicht published
veroeffentlichung publication
verordnen decree
verordnet decrees
verordnung ordinance
verordnungen ordinances
verpackend packaging
verpackt packaged
verpfaendet mortgages
verpflanzen transplant
verpflanzend transplanting
verpflanzt transplants
verpflanzte transplanted
verpflegen victual
verpflegend victualing
verpflegt victuals
verpflegte victualed
verpflegung catering
verpflichten obligate
verpflichtend engaging
verpflichtet engaged
verpflichtete obliged
verpflichtung commitment
verpflichtungen liabilities
verpfuschen bungle
verpfuschend bungling
verpfuscht bungled
verraeter traitor
verraeterisch treacherous
verrat treacheries
verraten betray
verratend betraying
verrenken dislocate
verrenkend dislocating
verrenkt dislocates
verrenkte dislocated
verrichtet performes
verringern abate
verringernd abating
verringert abates
verringerte abated
verringerung abatement
verrueckt daisy
verrueckter wackier
verrueckteste wackiest
verruecktheit folly
verruecktheiten follies
verrussen soot
verrussend sooting
verrusst soots
verrusste sooted
vers verse
versagen fail
versagend flopping
versagt fails
versagte flopped
versammeln congregate
versammelnd congregating
versammelt congregates
versammelte congregated
versammlung congregation
versammlungen congregations
versand dispatch
versandfertig mailable
versandt shipped
verschachteln interlace
verschachtelt nested
verschachtelung nesting
verschaemt pudent
verschiebbar relocatable
verschieben displace
verschiebend displacing
verschiebt displaces
verschieden different
verschiedenartig heterogeneous
verschiedene deserve
verschiedenheiten diversities
verschlechtern worsen
verschlechternd worsening
verschlechtert worsens
verschlechterte worsened
verschleiern veil
verschleiernd veiling
verschleiert veils
verschleierte veiled
verschleierung blur
verschlingen devour
verschlingend devouring
verschlingt devours
verschlossen secretive
verschluesse closures
verschluesselt keyed
verschlungen devoured
verschluss closure
verschmelzung confusion
verschneit snowily
verschoben deferred
verschoenern beautify
verschoenernd embellishing
verschoenert embellished
verschoenerungen embellishments
verschrottend scrapping
verschrottet scrapped
verschuetten spill
verschuettend slopping
verschuettet slopped
verschuldet indebted
verschwand disappeared
verschwenden squander
verschwendend dissipating
verschwenderisch thriftless
verschwendet dissipates
verschwendete dissipated
verschwendung dissipation
verschwiegen reticent
verschwiegenheit discretion
verschwinden disappear
verschwindend disappearing
verschwindet disappears
verschwoerer conspirator
verschwoerung conspiracy
verschwoerungen conspiracies
verschwunden vanished
versehentlich inadvertent
versetzend transposing
versetzt transposes
versetzte transposed
verseuchen contaminate
verseuchend contaminating
verseucht contaminates
verseuchte contaminated
verseuchung contamination
verseuchungen contaminations
versicherer underwriter
versichern assure
versichernd assuring
versichert assured
versicherte insured
versicherung assurance
versicherungen assurances
versiegeln seal
versinnbildlichen typifies
versinnbildlichend typifying
versinnbildlichte typified
version version
versionen versions
versoehnen reconcile
versoehnend reconciling
versoehnlich conciliatorily
versoehnt reconciles
versoehnte reconciled
versorgt feeds
verspaetet belated
versperren obstruct
versperrend obstructing
versperrt obstructs
versperrte obstructed
verspotten deride
verspottend deriding
verspottet derided
verspottete gibed
verspottung derision
versprechen promise
versprechend promising
verspricht promises
versprochen promised
verstaendig judicious
verstaendlich comprehensible
verstaendliche understandable
verstaendnis understanding
verstaerken intensify
verstaerkend boosting
verstaerker amplifier
verstaerkt boosted
verstaerkte reinforced
verstaerkung reinforcement
verstaerkungen reinforcements
verstand brain
verstanden understood
verstaubt fusty
verstauchen sprain
verstaucht sprains
verstauchte sprained
versteck hiding-place
verstecken hide
versteckt covert
versteckte hid
verstehen understand
versteht understands
versteinern petrify
versteinernd petrifying
versteinert petrifies
versteinerte petrified
verstellen misplace
verstellend misplacing
verstellt disguised
verstellte misplaced
verstellung disguise
verstellungen feints
verstockt obdurate
verstoert haggard
verstohlen furtive
verstopfung constipation
verstopfungen constipations
verstorben defunct
verstreichen elapse
verstuemmeln garble
verstuemmelnd maiming
verstuemmelt maimes
verstuemmelte maimed
verstuemmelung mutilation
versuch attempt
versuche trials
versuchen attempt
versuchend attempting
versuchs- tentative
versuchsweise tentatively
versucht attempted
versuchte tempted
versuchung temptation
versuchungen temptations
vertaerken reinforce
vertan mistaken
verteidigen advocating
verteidigend defending
verteidiger pleader
verteidigt advocates
verteidigte advocated
verteidigung defence
verteidigungen defenses
verteilbar sharable
verteilen distribute
verteiler distributors
verteilt distributed
verteilung apportionment
vertiefen deepen
vertiefend deepening
vertieft deepens
vertiefte deepened
vertraege contracts
vertrag agreement
vertragen tolerate
vertrauen confide
vertrauend confident
vertrauensvoll faithful
vertraulich confidential
vertraut confides
vertraute confided
vertrautheit familiarity
vertreiben dislodge
vertreibend dislodging
vertreibt dislodges
vertretbar passably
vertretung representation
vertrieb ejected
vertrieben dislodged
verueben perpetrate
veruebend perpetrating
veruebt perpetrates
veruebte perpetrated
verunglimpfen libel
verunglimpfend vilifying
verunglimpft libels
verunglimpfte vilified
verunkrautet weedily
verunstaltet misshapen
verursachen originate
verurteilen condemn
verurteilend condemning
verurteilt condemned
verurteilung condemnation
verurteilungen damnations
vervielfacht multiplies
vervielfaeltigend multiplying
vervielfaeltigung duplication
vervollstaendigend completing
vervollstaendigt completed
vervollstaendigung integration
verwalten administer
verwaltend administering
verwalter administrator
verwaltet administers
verwaltete administered
verwaltung administration
verwandschaft affinity
verwandschaften kins
verwandt akin
verwandte cognates
verwandter kinsman
verwandtschaft kinship
verwechseln confound
verwechselnd confounding
verwechselt confounds
verwechselte confounded
verwegen venturesome
verweichlicht effeminate
verweigern deny
verweigert denies
verweigerte refused
verweilen linger
verweilend lingering
verweilt lingered
verweis animadversion
verwenden appropriate
verwendend appropriating
verwendet appropriates
verwendete appropriated
verwendung usage
verwerfen quash
verwerfend quashing
verwickeln embroil
verwickelnd embroiling
verwickelt embroils
verwickelte involved
verwicklung entanglement
verwicklungen entanglements
verwirft quashes
verwirklichen realize
verwirklichend realizing
verwirklicht realizes
verwirklichte realized
verwirklichung realization
verwirklichungen realizations
verwirren confuse
verwirrend baffling
verwirrt baffled
verwirrte deranged
verwirrung confusion
verwirrungen confusions
verwoehnen regale
verwoehnend regaling
verwoehnt fastidious
verwoehnte regaled
verworfen castaway
verworren promiscuous
verwuenschen execrate
verwuenschend execrating
verwuenscht accursed
verwuesten desolate
verwuestend desolating
verwuestet desolates
verwuestete desolated
verwuestung desolation
verwuestungen desolations
verwunden wound
verwundend wounding
verwundet wounds
verwundete wounded
verwunschen execrated
verzaerteln pamper
verzaertelnd pampering
verzaertelt pampers
verzaertelte pampered
verzagen despond
verzagend desponding
verzagt despondent
verzagte desponded
verzaubern bewitch
verzaubernd bewitching
verzaubert bewitched
verzeichnend scheduling
verzeichnet scheduled
verzeichnis index
verzeichnisse schedules
verzeihen forgive
verzeihend pardonning
verzeihlich pardonable
verzeiht forgives
verzeihung forgiveness
verzeihung! sorry!
verzerren warp
verzerrend warping
verzerrt warps
verzerrte warped
verzicht renunciation
verzichten waive
verzieh forgave
verziehen forgiven
verziert ornate
verzierung ornament
verzierungen ornaments
verzoegern defer
verzoegernd delaying
verzoegert delays
verzoegerte retarded
verzoegerung delay
verzweifeln despair
verzweifelnd despairing
verzweifelt despairs
verzweifelte despaired
verzweifelung desperation
verzweiflung despair
verzweigen ramify
verzweigend branching
verzweigt ramifies
verzweigte ramified
verzweigung fork
verzweigungen ramifications
veteranen veterans
vewwirrt confused
vibrieren vibrate
vibrierend vibrating
vibriert vibrates
vibrierte vibrated
video video
vieh cattle
viel much
viele many
vieleck polygon
vielecke polygons
vielfaeltig manifold
vielfalt diversity
vielfoermig multiform
vielfrass glutton
vielleicht perhaps
vielzahl plurality
vier four
viereck quadrangle
vierecke quadrangles
vierfach quadruple
vierfuessler quadruped
vierlinge quadruplets
vierte fourth
viertel quarter
vierteljaehrlich quarterly
viertens fourthly
vierzehn fourteen
vierzehnte fourteenth
vierzig forty
vierzigste fortieth
villa mansion
villen mansions
violett mauve
violine violin
virtuell virtual
virtuositaet virtuosity
virtuositaeten virtuosities
virus virus
visionen visions
vitalitaet vigor
vitalitaeten vitalities
vitamin vitamin
vitamine vitamines
voegel birds
voellig entirely
voertraege recitals
vogel bird
vogelscheuche scarecrow
vokabel vocabulary
vokal vowel
vokale vowels
volk people
volkstuemlich popular
voll brimful
vollblueter thoroughbred
vollendend accomplishing
vollendet accomplishes
vollendete consummated
vollfuellend brimming
vollstaendig absolutely
vollstaendige complain
vollstaendigkeit completeness
vollste fullest
volt volt
von by
voorstellen imagine
vor- pre
vorabend eve
voranbringen promote
vorangestellte prefixed
vorangetrieben propelled
voranstellend prefixing
vorausbezahlt prepaid
vorausgehen precede
voraussetzung supposition
voraussetzungen suppositions
voraussicht foresight
voraussichtlich previously
vorauszahlen prepay
vorbedacht forethought
vorbeigehend passing
vorbereiten prepair
vorbereitend preparing
vorbereitet prepared
vorbereitung preparation
vorbereitungen preparations
vorbeugen obviate
vorbeugend obviating
vorbild paragon
vorbilder paragons
vorbildlich exemplary
vordefiniert predefined
vorderbein foreleg
vordergrund foreground
vorderseite front
voreilig headily
voreiligst rashest
voreingenommenheit harm
vorenthalten withhold
vorenthaltend withholding
vorenthaltung detention
vorenthaltungen detentions
vorfahr ancestor
vorfahren ancestors
vorfall event
vorgaben defaults
vorgaenger predecessor
vorgang process
vorgebeugt obviated
vorgefertigt precast
vorgehensweise strategy
vorgeladen preloaded
vorgeschlagen proposed
vorgeschmack foretaste
vorgeschrieben prescribed
vorgesessen presided
vorgespiegelt duped
vorgestellt envisaged
vorgetaeuscht shammed
vorgetragen declaimed
vorgetragene declamed
vorgeworfen reproached
vorhaenge curtains
vorhaengeschloesser padlocks
vorhaengeschloss padlock
vorhanden availible
vorhang curtain
vorher ago
vorherbestimmen predestinate
vorherbestimmend predestinating
vorherbestimmt predetermined
vorherbestimmte predestinated
vorhergesagt predicted
vorherige previous
vorherrschaft dominance
vorherrschen predominate
vorherrschend predominant
vorhersage prediction
vorhersagen foretell
vorhersagend foretelling
vorhut vanguard
vorkehrungen provisions
vorkommen incidence
vorkommend occurring
vorladung citation
vorladungen citations
vorlaeufer precursor
vorlaeufig interim
vorlage pattern
vorlaut pert
vorliebe affectation
vorlieben affectations
vormittag forenoon
vormundschaft tutelage
vormundschaften tutelages
vorname firstname
vornehm genteel
vorpackend prepacking
vorprogrammiert preprogrammed
vorraenge primacies
vorraete hoards
vorraeume vestibules
vorrang precedence
vorrat hoard
vorratskammer pantry
vorratskammern pantries
vorraum vestibule
vorraussichtlich estimated
vorrecht privilege
vorrichtung appliance
vorrichtungen appliances
vorruebergehend transient
vorsaetzlich purposely
vorschau preview
vorschauen prewievs
vorschlaege proposals
vorschlag proposal
vorschlagen propose
vorschlagend submitting
vorschneller rasher
vorschreiben prescribe
vorschreibend prescribing
vorschrift precept
vorschriften prescriptions
vorschriftsmaessig regulately
vorsicht attention
vorsichtig careful
vorsichtsmassnahme caveat
vorsichtsmassnahmen caveats
vorsichtsmassregeln cautions
vorsilbe prefix
vorsitz presidency
vorsitzen preside
vorsitzend presiding
vorsitzender chairman
vorsorge precaution
vorsorgen precautions
vorsorglich preventative
vorspann leader
vorspiegeln dupe
vorspiegelnd duping
vorspiel prelude
vorspiele preludes
vorstadt suburb
vorstaedte suburbs
vorstellen envisage
vorstellend envisaging
vorstellung association
vorstellungen beliefs
vorstoss thrust
vortaeuschen pretend
vortaeuschend pretending
vortaeuschung pretence
vortaeuschungen pretences
vorteil advantage
vorteile advantages
vorteilhaft advantageous
vortraege recitations
vortrag recital
vortragen declaim
vortragend declaiming
vortragssaal lyceum
vortragssaele lyceums
vortrefflichkeit excellence
vortrupps vanguards
voruebergehend temporary
voruebergehender passer-by
vorurteil preconception
vorurteile prejudices
vorwaerts forward
vorwahlen prefixes
vorweggenommene anticipated
vorwegnahme anticipation
vorwegnehmen anticipate
vorwegnehmend anticipating
vorwerfend reproaching
vorwort preface
vorwuerfe reprovals
vorwurf reproach
vorzeitig abortive
vorziehen prefer
vorziehend prefering
vorzuege preferences
vorzug preference
vorzugsweise preferably
vulkan volcano
vulkane volcanoes
wabe honeycomb
waben honeycombs
wach awake
wache sentinel
wachen wake
wachend waking
wachhund watchdog
wachhunde watchdogs
wachs wax
wachsam alert
wachsamkeit vigilance
wachsamkeiten vigilances
wachsen grow
wachsend adolescent
wachst waxes
wachstuch oilcloth
wachstum adolescence
wacht wakes
wachte woke
wachtel quail
wachteln quails
wackeln totter
wackelnd tottering
wackelt totters
wacklig ramshackle
waechst grows
waechter watchman
waehlbare selectable
waehlen choose
waehlend selecting
waehler dialer
waehlerisch finical
waehlt selects
waehrend during
waelder forests
waende walls
waerme caloric
waerter caretaker
waesche washings
waescheklammer clothespin
waescheklammern clothespins
waescher washer
waescherei laundry
waeschereien laundries
waescherin laundress
waescherinnen laundresses
waescht washes
waesserig aqueous
waffe weapon
waffel wafer
waffeln waffles
waffen arms
wagen dare
wagend daring
wagenvorschub carriage
waggon waggon
waggons waggons
wagt dares
wahl choice
wahlen elections
wahllos indiscriminate
wahlmoeglichkeit option
wahlweise electively
wahlwiederholung redialing
wahlzettel ballots
wahnsinn frenzy
wahnsinnig delirious
wahnsinnige madmen
wahnsinniger madman
wahr true
wahrgenommen descried
wahrhaft truthful
wahrheit truth
wahrlich forsooth
wahrnehmbar noticeably
wahrnehmen descry
wahrnehmend descrying
wahrnehmung perception
wahrscheinlich likely
wahrscheinliche probable
wahrscheinlichkeit likelihood
wahrscheinlichkeiten probabilities
wahrscheinlichkeitt verisimilitude
wahrzeichen emblem
waise orphan
waisen orphans
waisenhaeuser orphanages
waisenhaus orphanage
wal whale
wald forest
waldhoerner bugles
waldhorn bugle
waldig woodily
wale whales
walfaenge whalings
walfaenger whaler
walfang whaling
wall rampart
walle ramparts
walnuesse walnuts
walnuss walnut
walroesser walrusses
walross walrus
walzer waltz
wand wall
wandel vicissitude
wandelbar convertible
wanderer rambler
wandern flit
wandernd erratic
wanderschaft peregrination
wanderschaften peregrinations
wandert flits
wanderung migration
wanderungen migrations
wankelmut fickleness
wanken stagger
wankend staggering
wankt staggers
war was
ware commodity
waren were
warf threw
warm warm
warneinrichtung alarm
warnen warn
warnt warns
warnung warning
warnungen premonitions
warten wait
wartet waits
wartezeit latency
wartungen maintenances
warum why
warze wart
warzen warts
was what
waschbaer racoon
waschbar washable
waschen wash
waschend washing
waschlappen washrag
waschraeume lavatories
waschraum lavatory
waschsalon laundrette
waschsalons laundrettes
wasimmer whatever
wasser water
wasserdicht waterproof
wasserfaelle cascades
wasserfall cascade
wasserfarbe watercolor
wasserfarben watercolors
wasserflugzeug hydroplane
wasserflugzeuge hydroplanes
wasserleitung aqueduct
wasserleitungen aqueducts
wassermelone watermelon
wassermelonen watermelons
wasserscheu hydrophobia
wasserwerke waterworks
watscheln shamble
watschelnd shambling
watschelt shambles
watt watts
wattieren quilt
wattierend quilting
wattiert quilts
wattierte quilted
wattierungen waddings
weben weave
webend weaving
weber weaver
webt weaves
wechselbeziehung inter-relation
wechselfaelle vicissitudes
wechseln alternate
wechselseitig reciprocal
wechselstromgenerator alternator
wechselt alternates
wecken rouse
weckend rousing
weckt rouses
weder neither
weder...noch neither...nor
weg away
wege lanes
weggesteckt popped
wegraender waysides
wegrand wayside
wegweiser signpost
wehen waft
wehend wafting
wehrlos defenceless
weht wafts
weiblich female
weiblichkeit womanhood
weich smoothly
weiche smooth
weichlich mollycoddle
weichling milksop
weichlinge milksops
weide pasture
weiden pastures
weiden- wicker
weigerung refusal
weihnachten christmas
weihnachtslied carol
weihnachtslieder carols
weil because
weile while
weilen whiles
wein wine
weinberg vineyard
weinberge vineyards
weine wines
weinen weep
weinend weeping
weinlese vintage
weinlesen vintages
weint weeps
weinte wept
weintraube grape
weintrauben grapes
weise wisely
weisen manners
weisheit wisdom
weisheiten wisdoms
weiss knows
weissagen augur
weisse whiteness
weissend whitewashing
weisslich whitish
weit ample
weiter farther
weitergegeben imparted
weiterhin furthermore
weitest furthest
weiteste farthest
weitgehend widely
weitlaeufig rambling
weitschweifig circuitous
weitverbreitet widespread
weizen wheat
welcher which
welken wilt
welkend wilting
welkt wilts
wellblechhuette quonset
wellblechhuetten quonsets
welle billow
wellen billows
wellenanlage shafting
wellenform undulation
wellenformen undulations
wellensittich budgerigar
wellig wavily
welpe whelp
welpen whelps
welt world
welten worlds
weltlich mundane
weltweit worldwide
wen whom
wendig versatilely
wendige versatile
wenig few
weniger fewer
wenn if
wennimmer whenever
wer who
werden become
werdend getting
werfen cast
werfend flinging
werickelt embroiled
werkstaetten workshops
werkstatt workshop
werktag workday
werktage workdays
werkzeug tool
werkzeuge tools
wert worth
werte values
wertigkeit valency
wertlos trashily
wertlosigkeiten trinkets
wertsachen valuables
wertvoll valuable
wesen entity
wesentlich esentially
wesentliche substantial
weshalb wherefore
wespe wasp
wespen wasps
wessen whose
weste vest
westen occident
westlich occidental
westwaerts westward
wettbewerb competition
wettbewerbe contentions
wette bet
wetteifern vie
wetteifernd competitively
wetteifert vies
wetten bets
wettend betting
wetter weather
wetterfahne vane
wetterfahnen vanes
wetterkunde meteorology
wettern fulminate
wetternd fulminating
wettert fulminates
wettet wagers
wettkampf contest
wettstreit contention
wetzen whet
wetzend whetting
wetzt whets
wichtig important
wichtigkeit importance
wichtigste prime
wideraufnahmen resumptions
widerlegen confute
widerlegend confuting
widerlegt confutes
widerlegte confuted
widerlegung disproof
widerlegungen disproofs
widerlich abhorrently
widerruf revocation
widerrufen revoke
widerrufend revoking
widerruft revokes
widerspenstig contumacious
widersprechen contradict
widersprechend contradicting
widerspricht contradicts
widersprochen contradicted
widerspruch contradiction
widersprueche contradictions
widerspruechlich contradictory
widerstaende resistors
widerstand resisted
widerstandsfaehig resistant
widerstandsfaehigkeit hardiness
widerstandslos unresisting
widerstehen resist
widerstehend resisting
widersteht resists
widerstreben reluctance
widerstrebend reluctantly
widerstrebt averses
widerwaertig distasteful
widerwille distaste
widerwillig reluctant
widmen devote
widmend dedicating
widmet dedicates
widmung dedication
widmungen dedications
wie as
wieder again
wiederannaeherung rapprochement
wiederannaeherungen rapprochements
wiederaufbau reconstruction
wiederaufbauend reconstructing
wiederaufgefrischt refreshed
wiederaufnahme resumption
wiederaufnehmen resume
wiederaufnehmend resuming
wiederbeleben resusciate
wiederbelebend resusciating
wiederbelebt resusciates
wiederbelebte resusciated
wiederbelebung revival
wiederbenutzen reuse
wiedereingesetzt reinstated
wiedereinsetzend reinstating
wiedereintreten reenter
wiedereintretend reentering
wiedereintritt reentry
wiedererbaut rebuilt
wiedererkannt recognized
wiedererkennbar recognizable
wiedererzeugt reproduced
wiedergabe rendition
wiedergaben renditions
wiedergebend rendering
wiedergefunden recovered
wiedergerufen recalled
wiedergeschaffen recreated
wiedergewinnen regain
wiedergewinnend reclaiming
wiedergewonnen reclaimed
wiederherstellen reconstitute
wiederherstellend reconstituting
wiederherstellung recovery
wiederholbar repeatable
wiederholen iterate
wiederholend iterating
wiederholt repeatedly
wiederholte reiterated
wiederholung iteration
wiederholungen iterations
wiederkehren recur
wiedervereinigung reunification
wiedervereinigungen reunifications
wiederwaehlen redial
wiege cradle
wiegen dandle
wiegend dandling
wiegt dandles
wiehern neigh
wiehernd whinnying
wiehert neighs
wieherte neighed
wiese meadow
wiesel weasel
wiesen meadows
wild ferocious
wildbret venison
wildcard wildcard
wildcards wildcards
wilddieb poacher
wilddiebe poachers
wildheit ferocity
wildhueter gamekeeper
wildnis wilderness
wildnisse wildernesses
wille volition
willenskraefte volitions
willigkeit willingness
willkommen welcome
willkuer arbitrariness
willkuerlich arbitrarily
wimmeln teem
wimmelnd swarming
wimmelt teems
wimmern whimper
wimmernd whimpering
wimmert whimpers
wimper eyelash
wimpern cilia
wind wind
winde windlass
windel nappy
windeln nappies
winden wreathe
windend twining
winderlich wintrily
windet twines
windhund greyhound
windig breezy
windmuehle windmill
windmuehlen windmills
windowing windowing
windungen windings
winkel angle
winklig angular
winter winter
winterlich wintry
winzig minikin
wippen seesaw
wippend seesawing
wippt seesaws
wir we
wirbel vertebra
wirbeln swirl
wirbelnd swirling
wirbelstuerme cyclones
wirbelsturm cyclone
wirbelt swirls
wirbelwind whirlwind
wirbelwinde whirlwinds
wird becomes
wirft flings
wirklich really
wirklichkeit reality
wirklichkeiten truthes
wirksamkeit effectiveness
wirksamkeiten efficacies
wirkung effect
wirkungen efficiencies
wirkungsgrad efficiency
wirkungslos inefficiently
wirkungsvoll efficient
wirr mazily
wirrwar clutter
wirrwarr muss
wirt host
wirte hosts
wirtin hostess
wirtschaftlich economic
wisch wisp
wischen whisk
wischend mopping
wischt mops
wissenschaft science
wissenschaften sciences
wissenschaftler scientist
wissenschaftlich scientific
witternd scenting
wittert scents
witterungen weathers
witwe relict
witwen relicts
witwer widower
witz gag
witzbold buffoon
witzbolde buffoons
witze gags
witzig facetious
wo where
wo? where
wobei whereat
woche week
wochen weeks
wochenende week-end
wodurch whereby
woechentlich weekly
woechentliche weekly
woelbend arching
woelbt arches
woelfe wolves
woelfisch wolfish
woerter words
woerterbuch glossary
woerterbuecher dictionaries
woerterverzeichnisse vocabularies
woertlich verbal
wog weighed
wogen surge
wogend billowy
wogt surges
wogte undulated
woher whence
wohingegen whereas
wohl weal
wohlbehalten healthy
wohlgeformt shapelily
wohlhabend wealthy
wohlstand wealth
wohltaetig charitable
wohltat benefaction
wohltaten benefactions
wohltuend beneficially
wohlueberlegt deliberately
wohlwollen benevolence
wohlwollend benevolent
wohnen dwell
wohnend housing
wohnsitz domicile
wohnt dwells
wohnung dwelling
wohnungen habitations
wohnwagen caravan
wohnzimmer parlor
woimmer whereever
wolf wolf
wolke cloud
wolken clouds
wolkenbruch cloudburst
wolkenkratzer skyscraper
wolkig cloudily
wolle wool
wollen ll
wollend intending
wollig fleecily
wolljacke cardigan
wolljacken cardigans
wolluestig lecherous
woraufhin whereupon
worin wherein
wort word
worterguesse verbiages
wortlaute wordings
wortreich verbose
wortschwall verbiage
wortumbruch wordwrap
wrack wreck
wracks wrecks
wringen wring
wringend mangling
wringt mangles
wucher usury
wucherer usurer
wuchernd rampantly
wuchs grew
wuensche wishes
wuenschen desire
wuenschend desiring
wuenschenswert desirable
wuenschenswerterweise desirability
wuenscht desires
wuerde would
wuerdelos undignified
wuerdevoll dignified
wuerdig worthily
wuerdigung appreciation
wuerfel cube
wuerfelfoermig cubical
wuerfeln dice
wuerfelt dices
wuerfelte diced
wuergen choke
wuergend choking
wuergt chokes
wuermer worms
wuerste sausages
wuerze condiment
wuerzen seasonings
wuerzig spicily
wueste desert
wuestling libertine
wuestlinge libertines
wuetend furious
wuetet rages
wund sore
wunde wound
wunder marvel
wunderbar marvellous
wunderlich whimsical
wundervoll wonderful
wunsch wish
wunschlose undesireable
wuoten quotas
wurde became
wurf throw
wurm worm
wurmartig vermicular
wurst sausage
wurzel root
wusste knew
wut rage
xanthippe shrew
xanthippen shrews
yacht yacht
zacken jags
zackig jagged
zaeh stringily
zaehfluessig viscous
zaehigkeit tenacity
zaehlen count
zaehlend counting
zaehler counter
zaehlt counts
zaehmen tame
zaehmend taming
zaehmt tames
zaehne teeth
zaenkisch cantankerous
zaepfchen uvula
zaertlich tenderly
zaertlichkeit tenderness
zaertlichkeiten fondnesses
zaeune corralls
zahlbar payable
zahlenmaessig numerically
zahllos countless
zahlreich multitudinous
zahlreiche numerous
zahlung donation
zahlungen payments
zahlungsunfaehig insolvent
zahm tame
zahn tooth
zahnarzt dentist
zahnbuerste tooth-brush
zahnlos toothless
zahnschmerzen toothache
zahnstange rack
zahnstocher toothpick
zanken bicker
zankend bickering
zanksuechtig termagant
zankt bickers
zankte quarrelled
zankteufel virago
zapfen pin
zappeln flounce
zappelnd flouncing
zappelt flounces
zar tsar
zare tsars
zart tender
zauberei necromancy
zaubereien necromancies
zauberer conjurer
zauberhaft glamorous
zauberin fairy
zauberinnen fairies
zaun fence
zaunkoenig wren
zaunkoenige wrens
zausen tousle
zausend tousling
zaust tousles
zauste tousled
zechen carouse
zechend tippling
zecher toper
zecht carouses
zehe toe
zehn ten
zehnte tenth
zehntens tenthly
zeichen char
zeichensaetze fonts
zeichenschablone template
zeichnen chart
zeichnend plotting
zeichner drawers
zeichnet plots
zeichnung painting
zeichnungen drawings
zeigefinger forefinger
zeigen evince
zeigend evincing
zeiger locator
zeigt exhibits
zeile line
zeilen lines
zeilenvorschub linefeed
zeilenvorschuebe linefeeds
zeit time
zeiteinteilungen timings
zeiten tenses
zeitgemaess seasonable
zeitlich seasonal
zeittafel timetable
zeitung newspaper
zeitungen bulletins
zeitvertreib pastime
zeitweilig sporadic
zellen cells
zelt marquee
zeltbahnen canvasses
zelte marquees
zement cement
zensierend censoring
zensiert censored
zensur censorship
zensuren censorships
zentral central
zentralisieren centralize
zentralisierend centralizing
zentralisiert centralizes
zentralisierte centralized
zentren centres
zentrierend centering
zentriert centered
zentrifugal- centrifugal
zentrum centre
zerbrechend flawing
zerbrechlich brittle
zerfaellt molders
zerfallen molder
zerfallend moldering
zerfetzen tatter
zerfetzend frazzling
zerfetzt frazzled
zerfetzte tattered
zergliedern anatomize
zergliedernd anatomizing
zergliedert anatomizes
zergliederte anatomized
zerhacken mince
zerhackend mincing
zerhackt minced
zerknittern rumple
zerknitternd rumpling
zerknittert rumples
zerknitterte rumpled
zerlegbar folding
zerlegen carve
zerlegend decomposing
zerlegt carves
zerlegte carved
zermahlen squelch
zermahlend squelching
zermahlt squelches
zermuerbend mellowing
zermuerbt mellowed
zerreiben triturate
zerreibend triturating
zerreibt triturates
zerreissen disrupt
zerreissend disrupting
zerreisst disrupts
zerren lug
zerrend jerking
zerrieben triturated
zerrissen disrupted
zerrt jerks
zerruettend disordering
zerruettet disordered
zerschmettern shatter
zerschmetternd shattering
zerschmettert shatters
zerschmetterte shattered
zerschnitzelnd shredding
zerschnitzelt shredded
zerstaeuber sprayer
zerstoeren demolish
zerstoerend deleting
zerstoert deleted
zerstoerte demolished
zerstoerung deletion
zerstoerungen deletions
zerstreuen disperse
zerstreuend dispersing
zerstreut abstracted
zerstreute diverted
zerstueckelt fragmented
zerstueckelung fragmentation
zertrennen disjoint
zertruemmern smash
zertruemmernd smashing
zertruemmert smashes
zertruemmerte smashed
zeug trinket
zeuge witness
zeugen beget
zeugnis testimonial
zeugnisse testimonials
zeugte begot
zi chambers
ziebzigste seventieth
ziege goat
ziegel brick
ziegelstein brick
ziegen goats
ziehen drag
ziehend dragging
zieht pulls
ziel aim
ziele targets
zielpunkt goal
zierlich graceful
ziffern digits
zigarette cigarette
zigarre cigar
zigarren cigars
zigeuner gipsies
zimmer chamber
zimmerdecke ceiling
zimmermaedchen parlormaid
zimmermann carpenter
zimmernd timbering
zimmert timbers
zinn tin
zinnoberrot vermilion
zirkulieren circulate
zirkulierend circulating
zirkuliert circulates
zirkulierte circulated
zirkus circus
zirpen chirp
zirpend chirping
zirpt chirps
zischen fizz
zischend fizzing
zischt fizzes
zischte sizzled
zitrone lemon
zitronen citrons
zitronensaft lemon-juice
zittern quiver
zitternd quivering
zittert quivers
zitze tit
zitzen tits
zivil civil
zobel sable
zoegern hesitate
zoegernd hesitating
zoegert hesitates
zoegerte hesitated
zog drew
zoll duane
zone area
zonen areas
zorn anger
zornig angry
zottig ragged
zu accessesgreift
zubehoer accessories
zucken shrug
zuckend shrugging
zucker sugar
zuckt shrugs
zuckung convulsion
zuckungen convulsions
zudringlich intrusive
zuechter breeder
zuechtigen castigate
zuechtigend castigating
zuechtigt castigates
zuege lineaments
zuenden ignite
zuendholz match
zuerst primary
zufaelle hazards
zufaellig accidently
zufall coincidence
zuflucht refuge
zufluchten refuges
zufrieden content
zufriedengestellte satisfied
zufriedenstellend satisfactorily
zufuegen add
zufuegend adding
zufuehrung feeding
zug lineament
zugaenglich accessable
zugang ingress
zuge tractions
zugeben confess
zugefuegt added
zugegriffen accessed
zugejubelt acclaimed
zugelassen admitted
zugemauert walled
zugeschlagen slammed
zugespitzt tapered
zugestaendnis concession
zugestaendnisse concessions
zugestehen concede
zugestimmt agreed
zugestossen befalled
zugewiesen allocated
zugig draughty
zugreifend accessing
zugriff access
zugrundeliegen underlie
zuhoererschaft audience
zujubeln acclaim
zujubelnd acclaiming
zukunft futures
zulaessig admissible
zulaessige allowable
zulaessigerweise permissibly
zulage extra-pay
zulassen admit
zulassend admitting
zuletzt lastly
zunaechst approximately
zunehmen increase
zuneigung affection
zunge tongue
zungen tongues
zupfen twitch
zupfend twitching
zupft twitches
zurueck back
zurueckdatieren backdate
zurueckfallend relapsing
zurueckfuehrend reducing
zurueckgefallen relapsed
zurueckgefuehrt reduced
zurueckgehalten restrained
zurueckgekehrt returned
zurueckgeleitet redirected
zurueckgesandt resent
zurueckgeschreckt blenched
zurueckgeschrieben rewritten
zurueckgesetzt backout
zurueckgespeichert restored
zurueckgetreten receded
zurueckgewichen flinched
zurueckgewiesen rebuffed
zurueckgewonnen regained
zurueckgezahlt refunded
zurueckgezeichnet redrawn
zurueckgezogen retreated
zurueckhalten restrain
zurueckhaltend restraining
zurueckhaltung restraint
zurueckkaufen redeem
zurueckkaufend redeeming
zurueckkehren return
zurueckkehrend reverting
zurueckprallen rebound
zurueckrufen callback
zurueckrufend recalling
zurueckschauend reviewing
zurueckschicken remit
zurueckschrecken blench
zurueckschreckend blenching
zurueckschreiben rewrite
zuruecksetzen relocate
zuruecksetzend backing
zuruecktreten recede
zuruecktretend receding
zurueckverfolgen backtrack
zurueckverfolgend retracing
zurueckverfolgt retraced
zurueckweichen flinch
zurueckweichend flinching
zurueckweisen rebuff
zurueckweisend rebuffing
zurueckzahlen refund
zurueckzahlend refunding
zurueckzeichnen redraw
zurueckzeichnend redrawing
zurueckziehbar retractable
zurueckziehend retreating
zusaetzlich additionally
zusaetzliche additive
zusammenarbeit collaboration
zusammenarbeiten collaborate
zusammenarbeitend collaborating
zusammenballen agglomerate
zusammenbrauen concoct
zusammenbrauend concocting
zusammenbrechen collapse
zusammenbrechend collapsing
zusammenfassen collect
zusammenfassend recapitulating
zusammenfassung summary
zusammenfuegen coalesce
zusammengearbeitet collaborated
zusammengeballt agglomerated
zusammengebraut concocted
zusammengebrochen collapsed
zusammengeklappt furled
zusammengesetzt complexly
zusammengestellt composed
zusammengestossen collided
zusammengezogen constricted
zusammenhaenge coherences
zusammenhaengend coherently
zusammenhaengende coherent
zusammenhang coherence
zusammenhanglosigkeit incoherence
zusammenhanglosigkeiten incoherences
zusammenklappbar collapsible
zusammenklappen furl
zusammenklappend furling
zusammenrechnen totalize
zusammensetzen compound
zusammensetzung composition
zusammenstellen compilate
zusammenstellungen arrangements
zusammenstoss clash
zusammenstossen collide
zusammenstossend colliding
zusammenwirkend cooperative
zusammenziehen constrict
zusammenziehend astringent
zusatz addition
zuschauer bystander
zuschlagen slam
zuschlagend slamming
zuschnitt tailor
zusicherungen confirmations
zuspitzend tapering
zustand condition
zustimmen agree
zustimmend concerned
zustimmung agreement
zustimmungen approbations
zustossend befalling
zuteilen deal
zuteilung ration
zuteilungen rations
zutritt admittance
zutritte admittances
zuverlaessig dependable
zuverlaessige reliable
zuverlaessigkeit reliability
zuvorkommend preventing
zuweisen assign
zuweisend assigning
zuweisung assignment
zuweisungen assignments
zuwider contrary
zuwidergehandelt counteracted
zuwiderhandeln counteract
zuwiderhandelnd counteracting
zwaenge coercions
zwang coercion
zwangs- forced
zwangslaeufig perforce
zwanzig twenty
zwanzigste twentieth
zweck purpose
zwecklos purposeless
zweckmaessig expedient
zwei two
zweideutig equivocally
zweifach dual
zweifachwirkend double-acting
zweifel doubt
zweifelhaft dubious
zweifelhafte dubois
zweifellos undoubted
zweifelnd doubting
zweig branch
zweige branches
zweijaehrig biennial
zweipolig bipolar
zweiseitig bilateral
zweitakt two-stroke
zweite second
zweitens secondly
zweitklassig second-rate
zweitrangig secondary
zwerchfell midriff
zwerchfelle midriffs
zwerg dwarf
zwerge dwarfs
zwicken tweak
zwickend tweaking
zwickt tweaks
zwiebel onion
zwiebeln bulbs
zwielicht twilight
zwietracht dissension
zwilling twin
zwingen compel
zwingend coercing
zwingt coerces
zwinkern wink
zwinkernd winking
zwinkert winks
zwischen among
zwischenfall incident
zwischengemischt intermixed
zwischenkuehler intercooler
zwischenlektion intersection
zwischenschalten interpose
zwischenspiel interlude
zwischenspiele interludes
zwischenstueck adaptor
zwischenzeit meantime
zwischenzeitliche intermittent
zwitschern twitter
zwitschernd twittering
zwitschert twitters
zwoelf twelve
zwoelfte twelfth
zyklus cycle
zylinder cylinder
zynisch cynic
zynismus cynicism
